jmp jmp jmp jmp jmp
cmp jnz jmp cmp jnz
retn jmp jmp
jmp jmp jmp add add
jmp jmp jmp add
jmp jmp add add add
leave retn jmp
jmp jmp add add
jmp jmp add
mov add cmp jnz push
call push call mov jmp
push mov add cmp
jz mov push lea
lea push call push call
lea push call mov push
or jz mov push
call lea push call push
call lea push call mov
pop push push mov
mov call pop mov call
jmp jmp mov
imul add imul
jmp jmp jmp jmp int3
jmp jmp jmp int3
jmp jmp jmp int3 int3
jmp jmp int3
jmp jmp int3 int3
mov jmp jmp
mov push call add mov
mov call pop push
nop nop nop nop nop
add push add push add
jmp mov add mov mov
push add push add push
mov cwd idiv
int3 jmp jmp jmp
int3 jmp jmp
leave retn push mov push
add and add and add
and add and add
add and add and
add add test add add
leave retn mov push
mov leave retn
leave retn mov push mov
add add add test add
mov add mov mov sub
mov call mov and
pop pop pop pop leave
add mov mov sub
sub sub sub
sub add sub
add sub add sub
mov cmp jnz jmp
dec mov pop
mov cmp jnc push
or or or
push call mov leave
call mov leave retn
pop cmp mov
mov mov lea push lea
call add mov mov push
ret jmp jmp
add cs add
call mov leave
add jng add add
jmp jmp int3 int3 int3
jnz inc mov mov
mov mov shr mov mov
pop retn jmp
mov inc test jnz mov
add push push add
jng add add
jnz inc mov mov cmp
call push mov add
cmp jc cmp ja and
jc cmp ja and
add sub add add add
call mov call mov push
call pop mov push push
add xchg add add
inc mov inc test jnz
call inc mov
inc push pop
mov dec add
cmp jnz inc mov mov
lea mov cmp jnz
cmp jnz call push push
mov xor dec
cmp jnz cmp jnz jmp
mov shr mov mov
pop leave retn mov push
inc mov inc test
mov xor mov inc
push call mov call mov
mov cmp jz inc inc
push call movzx
jnz cmp jnz jmp
retn mov push mov sub
inc mov mov cmp jz
dec cmp jnz
mov call push lea push
cmp jz inc inc jmp
cmp ja and
mov mov cmp jz inc
add add and add and
sub inc add
retn mov push mov push
lea movzx push push
mov jnz test jnz
mov sub mov jmp mov
push push call inc
add call push
push xor call
jnz and cmp jz
lea movzx push
mov call push lea
push mov call jmp
pop push add
cmp mov jna mov
add add cmp add add
push add in
pop add push
push call inc cmp
jnz test jnz push push
cmp add push
push call test jnz and
call push push push mov
cmp jmp cmp jz
jmp jmp push push
test jnz and cmp
cmp mov jnz test
or add pop
call inc cmp
add add push push
inc mov jmp push
call test jnz xor jmp
mov mov cmp jnl mov
dec mov call
mov mov mov cmp jna
add pop push
mov shr shl
lea call mov mov mov
jo bound add add add
jo bound add add
adc add adc
jo bound add
imul add add add add
push call cmp mov jz
cmp jc lea push
mov and mov and
add mov adc
add add add xchg
add add fs
mov mov shl mov mov
add imul add add
push call push call jmp
jc lea push
mov adc add
push add insb
call push call jmp
neg mov mov
mov pop add
push lea push call lea
bound add add add add
push push pop mov
lea cmp jc lea
mov jmp push mov push
ret int3 jmp
push push push jmp push
cmp jz cmp jna mov
or or call
add push mov add
mov lea call mov
cmp jz cmp jz jmp
lea call jmp
jmp nop nop
mov jz mov push
or or call mov mov
mov mov shr shl
or or call mov
insv gs jz
fs insb add add add
and inc mov
nop push mov
retn push mov push mov
inc add sub
dec add mov
pop or or
mov jmp mov sub mov
push cmp pop
lea push call lea push
lea push push call cmp
jmp jmp push push call
jz pop pop
cmp jz jmp mov
add ss add
call mov cmp mov jz
lea push call mov cmp
jmp push pop push push
mov add push push push
mov lea mov call
mov imul lea mov mov
cmp jnc push push push
mov mov lea call
xor add push
push call mov push lea
jnc push push push
jna jc outsb insv
jc outsb insv gs
jna jc outsb insv gs
jna jc outsb
outsb insv gs
outsb insv gs jz
jc outsb insv
jc outsb insv gs jz
jnz cmp jnz inc mov
imul pop pop
and mov and mov
and inc jmp
jnz jmp inc
pop pop ret jmp
push add or
dec xor mov
mov movzx mov push
inc jmp cmp jnz inc
mov cmp jna and
mov and mov mov and
or add adc
call mov add mov mov
push call cmp jz lea
jz cmp jnz mov jmp
jmp cmp jna inc
jz cmp jz jmp
call cmp ja
push call test jz movzx
mov mov mov mov leave
mov mov mov cmp jc
mov mov cmp jnz inc
call test jz movzx
cmp jz pop
jmp mov jmp mov add
add sub xor
mov add push call add
mov mov mov leave
test jl mov
cmp jna and
mov call mov pop ret
mov push mov shl mov
jnz cmp mov jz
call cmp jz lea
mov mov mov cmp jnc
mov mov imul mov
push mov shl mov
add or add adc
push mov call xor mov
mov lea push call test
mov dec inc
lea push call cmp mov
add add add jnz
movzx mov push
mov pop retn push mov
dec inc mov
cmp jnz call mov or
jmp mov call mov call
add cmp jnz call
jmp push mov call mov
cmp jz cmp jc
add add jnz
jns add add
mov dec push
add jnz add
add gs add
mov mov add mov jmp
jmp inc inc cmp jz
mov push mov shl
mov inc pop
mov inc mov call
mov pop retn push
ret cmp jnz call
call call test jnz
mov pop pop leave retn
jnz call mov or
movzx mov movzx
cmp jnz cmp jnz inc
int3 push mov push mov
xor xor xor add
adc inc add
dec push add
mov add push mov
jnz cmp jnz inc
add add jp add
dec push push push
add or and
mov mov add add mov
pop add leave ret
jz call cmp
mov call test mov
add add add imul
add dec push
add add pop push
add add jp
mov cmp jnz call and
and mov mov and
jnz dec mov
push lea sub push push
mov sub mov lea push
pop add leave
jnz push call mov push
adc add and
push lea sub push
xor mov sub
cmp jnz inc push
push mov lea call
mov call add cmp
add push call mov mov
cmp jnz call and
mov mov cmp jnz call
jnz call and
call and push push call
call mov call call
push push push pop mov
jz dec cmp
jmp dec cmp
push add dec
and add xor
pop mov shl
call and push push
push add adc
push lea push call cmp
push call jmp cmp jnz
add sub sub
lea cmp jnz push call
mov jz dec
cmp jnz mov cmp jnc
nop add add
jnz mov cmp jnc
dec add cmp
sub mov sub mov
or mov test jnz
mov lea call mov mov
mov push add mov
mov call mov add mov
call test jnz mov jmp
add mov add add mov
add add add add call
add es add
push add in add
pop add xor
mov mov xor sub
pop add and
lea mov add mov
add and add xor
add and add pop add
mov jmp push mov call
jnc mov push
and add pop add
push add cmp
add add xchg add
inc push add
add xor add pop add
push mov call mov jmp
sbb add and
add and add pop
xor add pop add
mov sub mov sub
add ds add
and shl or
lea push mov push push
cmp jnl lea
mov mov push call push
add repne add
push add inc
cmp mov jz push call
mov cmp jnz jmp mov
add and jmp
add call pop
add xor add pop
mov add add mov mov
add or or
jo outsb dec
jz outsv insb
mov test jz mov lea
mov lea call jmp
movzx cmp jz mov
add mov mov mov add
imul push imul
add imul push
mov sub cmp jnl
push push push push jmp
jnz call jmp
add mov mov shl
mov movzx cmp jz
mov pop retn int3
add add or or
test pop pop
mov add mov sub
sbb and add push push
sub cmp jnl
mov mov lea test
pop ret mov push mov
ret mov push mov push
not and dec
mov sar dec
movdqa movdqa movdqa
not and dec jnz mov
not and dec jnz
and dec jnz mov and
sar dec cmp
lea not and
movdqa movdqa movdqa movdqa
lea not and dec
ret mov push mov mov
mov sar dec cmp
ret mov push mov sub
movdqa movdqa movdqa movdqa movdqa
lea not and dec jnz
leave ret mov push mov
push call test pop jz
jna push pop mov
push pop ret
call test pop jnz
add and call mov mov
push call test pop jnz
add and call mov
add and call
shr mov or lea
mov shr mov or lea
cmp jna push pop mov
sar dec cmp jna
lea mov shr or mov
lea mov shr or
dec jnz mov and jmp
jnz lea mov shr
dec jnz mov and mov
shr lea not and
shr lea not
shr lea not and dec
and and or jnz
mov and and or jnz
mov mov and and or
dec cmp jna push pop
sar dec cmp jna push
dec cmp jna push
mov mov sar dec
or jmp or jmp
shr mov lea not
jnz mov cmp mov
test pop pop
mov sar dec cmp jna
cmp jnz lea mov shr
cmp jnz mov cmp mov
cmp pop mov
jz push call test pop
jz dec dec
jng push push call
pop jnz push
mov pop ret mov push
lea add and call mov
lea add and call
jng push push call pop
call test pop pop
cmp jng push push call
jnz mov mov shr mov
mov mov or jmp
pop test pop
mov shr lea not
mov shr lea not and
lea lea mov shr or
push pop ret mov
lea lea mov shr
lea mov shr mov or
shr mov or lea mov
jnz lea mov shr mov
mov mov sar dec cmp
jnc cmp jnz mov mov
call cmp pop mov
dec dec jz
push call cmp pop mov
lea add and
jz dec dec jz
lea shl mov
cmp mov jc cmp
mov jc cmp
mov lea add and call
jmp or jmp or
mov lea not and
push xor cmp push push
mov lea add and
jnc mov shr
jnz call mov cmp jz
cmp jnz or jz
xor cmp push push jnz
test pop jnz push
jnz or jz
push call test pop pop
jnz mov and jmp lea
jmp lea shr
movzx test jz inc
and jmp lea shr
mov and jmp lea shr
mov jnc cmp jnz mov
mov call mov call ret
mov mov mov or jmp
jmp cmp jnc
or jmp or jmp or
or test jz
and or jnz add
or jnz add
and and or jnz add
cmp jnz mov mov inc
jnz mov mov and jmp
mov shr mov lea not
mov lea not and dec
shr mov lea not and
add cmp mov jc cmp
call mov mov mov or
xor pop call leave
add outsv add
pop ret mov xor
xor pop call leave ret
mov cmp mov jnc mov
add xor call
mov imul lea mov mov
mov add xor call mov
mov add xor call
add xor call mov
push push call test pop
mov cmp jnz cmp mov
jz test jz movzx
jmp or jmp or jmp
push xor pop mov
or test jz or
ja or mov
cmp ja or mov
jz inc test jz mov
lea push call test pop
push jnz call
xor xor or
cmp jnz or jmp or
sub jz dec dec
pop cmp mov
pop jz inc
jz inc test jz
test jz inc test
test jz inc test jz
test pop mov
call cmp mov jnz push
test pop jz mov
jmp jmp jmp jmp jmp
ret push xor cmp
pop mov jnz
xor inc ret mov call
inc ret mov call
cmp pop mov jz
ret push xor
call mov test pop
jnz add cmp mov jc
add leave ret nop mov
sub jz dec dec jz
or jmp cmp jnz lea
add add outsb add
jz dec dec jz sub
dec dec jz sub
sar dec cmp mov
mov sar dec cmp mov
xor cmp jnz lea
jnz add cmp mov
call cmp pop mov jz
mov stosd stosd stosd
push push jnz push
test jz or test jz
test jz or test
jz or test
jz or test jz
push call mov pop cmp
cmp mov jnc mov mov
jz or test jz or
call add or jmp
add jnz add
pop push push call pop
pop mov mov lea
jnz call push push push
mov jnc mov mov
cmp jz add inc cmp
push call mov test pop
call pop cmp jz mov
cmp jnc and
cmp jz add inc
add cmp jz mov and
mov and sar
inc add inc pop
inc cmp jnz sub
call ret mov push mov
mov jmp cmp jnz lea
mov mov add dec jnz
cmp jnz call push push
mov mov dec test
inc jmp inc
int3 mov push mov
mov rep stosb
mov cmp pop
cmp jc cmp jnz
jnz mov mov inc cmp
jmp test jz and
jnc mov shr lea not
pop xor pop call
jnc mov shr lea
inc ret mov call xor
lea pop pop pop ret
call test pop mov
call leave ret mov push
push call test pop mov
add shr mov
or lea push
mov push call test pop
jz mov inc test
pop leave ret mov mov
shr not and dec jnz
shr not and dec
leave ret mov mov
push push jnz call
call mov call ret push
ret mov call xor
inc add pop inc add
inc add pop inc
add mov shr mov
or lea push push
pop mov cmp jnz cmp
ret push mov mov mov
push shl add
mov push shl add
cmp jc call
ret mov ret push
pop jnz xor
or lea push push push
mov mov push push lea
mov or jmp xor
mov stosd stosd
jnc mov mov and
push jnz call mov
ret mov test jz
add mov shr
jnz sub mov sar
jnz sub mov sar push
ret lea pop pop pop
shr mov imul
test jz movzx test jz
pop mov jz push push
ret lea pop
cmp jna inc inc
test jz movzx test
cmp pop jz push
cmp jnc mov shr
or lea lea mov
mov or lea lea mov
or lea lea mov shr
shr mov or lea lea
ret push xor cmp push
inc inc jmp test
pop ret lea pop
mov or lea lea
shr mov imul lea
jna push pop mov cmp
shr mov imul lea mov
dec cmp jc
lea mov shr lea
or lea lea
jna inc inc
mov inc inc cmp jz
test mov jng
ror inc add add jmp
cmp push push jnz push
leave ret mov mov push
cmp push push jnz call
mov mov test jz call
ret push pop
test jz movzx movzx cmp
ret lea pop pop
pop ret lea pop pop
cmp jz test jnz cmp
jz movzx movzx cmp ja
inc inc jmp test jz
ret push pop ret
cmp mov jc cmp jnz
mov jc cmp jnz
ja call mov cmp jz
mov mov inc inc cmp
push push jnz call mov
pop xor pop call leave
call and call
cmp ja call mov cmp
ja call mov cmp
sar lea mov and
mov sar lea mov and
lea push call pop mov
dec dec jz sub jnz
jz movzx movzx cmp
test pop pop jnz
cmp jz cmp mov jz
jz mov lea add and
call test pop jz mov
mov mov test mov jnz
dec jz sub jnz
call mov or jmp
lea mov and shl
push call jmp cmp jnz
mov ret mov push
jnz lea push call pop
jz cmp jnz or jmp
call xor jmp or
mov add add jmp
ret mov mov push
or jnz add cmp
and or jnz add cmp
or jnz add cmp mov
inc add ror
jc rep jmp mov
rep jmp mov mov sub
cmp jc rep jmp mov
jmp mov mov sub jc
jc rep jmp mov mov
pop jmp mov mov and
test jz and inc
call and call mov
jmp lea jmp lea
push jnz push call
outsv add add
cmp jz mov lea add
jz movzx test jz
dec test jg
jz movzx test
inc add leave ret
inc add leave ret nop
jz sub jz dec dec
mov mov and test
cmp jz mov and xor
rep jmp mov mov
mov jz inc
mov mov jmp and
mov add and call mov
xor ret push mov sub
jz mov and xor
inc add leave
cmp mov jz inc
jnz or jz cmp jnz
cmp jnz or jz cmp
jnz or jz cmp
add ror inc add add
or test jz or test
mov and jmp add
jnz mov and jmp add
mov add and call
call test pop pop jnz
mov sar push mov
cmp mov jnz push push
push pop ret xor
or jz cmp jnz
mov mov ret mov
add ror inc add
add ror inc
leave ret push push push
add xor call mov mov
cmp pop mov jz push
pop jnz push call
mov cmp jz cmp mov
jnz push call test pop
mov or inc cmp
mov dec test jz
and jmp add
inc inc cmp jnz inc
ret cmp push
mov cmp jnc mov shr
jmp sub jz
shl push push push
jmp call cmp jnz mov
test pop jnz push call
jna push pop mov lea
call test pop jz push
call push pop mov mov
jz mov dec cmp
dec cmp lea
push pop mov mov jmp
mov inc test mov mov
jnz call and
test jnz mov shr
inc cmp jna inc
or inc cmp jna inc
inc cmp jna inc inc
pop ret push xor cmp
add mov sar dec
mov add mov sar dec
pop ret push xor
jmp push call pop cmp
push pop mov lea mov
mov mov inc test mov
ret mov mov cmp
test jz mov jmp call
jz mov and jmp
jnz call mov call mov
jnz mov sub adc
mov sub adc
add jnz mov sub
add jnz mov sub adc
mov sub adc adc
jnz mov sub adc adc
sub adc adc
mov sub adc adc add
sub adc adc add
jnc jnz mov sub adc
sub adc adc add jnc
jnc jnz mov sub
jnc jnz mov
add jnc jnz mov sub
add jnc jnz mov
inc add jnz mov sub
adc adc add jnc
adc add jnc jnz mov
adc add jnc jnz
adc adc add jnc jnz
adc add jnc
inc add jnz mov
mov sub adc jc
sub adc jc
jnz mov sub adc jc
jnz mov sub adc jnc
mov sub adc jnc
sub adc jnc
mov add jnz mov sub
in add add add add
xor sub jc shl
add mov add sub ja
jnc add cmp adc lea
shl mov inc xor jz
jnc add cmp adc
cmp adc lea cmp
jc shl mov inc xor
jc shl mov inc
ja add jmp pop
mov sub adc jnc add
add cmp adc lea cmp
shl mov inc xor
xor sub jc shl mov
add cmp adc lea
adc jnc add cmp adc
sub jc shl mov inc
mov add sub ja add
sub jc shl
sub ja add jmp pop
sub ja add jmp
sub ja add
sub adc jnc add cmp
sub adc jnc add
mov add sub ja
adc jnc add cmp
sub jc shl mov
adc lea cmp
add sub ja add jmp
add sub ja add
cmp adc lea
mov inc add jnz mov
xor sub jc
add sub ja
jna mov inc mov inc
inc mov inc add jnz
adc jnc add
ja add jmp pop mov
mov inc xor jz
mov inc add jnz
jna mov inc mov
lea cmp jna mov inc
cmp adc lea cmp jna
adc lea cmp jna mov
nop mov inc mov inc
adc lea cmp jna
jc mov add jnz mov
jc mov add jnz
mov inc dec jnz jmp
jnc add cmp
jc shl mov
inc mov inc dec jnz
loop lea mov or jz
add mov add mov loop
pop mov mov mov inc
loop lea mov or
rol xchg sub sub add
rol xchg sub sub
mov loop lea mov or
mov add mov loop
mov add mov loop lea
mov loop lea mov
add mov loop lea
add mov loop lea mov
xchg sub sub add mov
xchg sub sub add
mov loop lea
xchg sub sub
inc xor jz
cmp jna mov inc mov
nop mov inc mov
loop lea mov
add jmp pop mov mov
inc sub cmp ja
mov inc sub cmp ja
pusha mov lea push
adc jc mov add jnz
sub adc jc mov add
adc jc mov
mov sub adc jc mov
sub adc jc mov
adc jc mov add
add mov loop
sub sub add mov add
jmp pop mov mov
jmp pop mov mov mov
sub add mov add mov
sub sub add mov
add jmp pop mov
pusha mov lea
add call xchg mov inc
push add call xchg mov
add push add call xchg
add call xchg mov
push add call xchg
lea add push add call
mov mov shr rol
inc sub cmp ja cmp
jnz mov mov shr rol
mov mov shr rol xchg
shr rol xchg sub sub
mov shr rol xchg sub
mov shr rol xchg
sub cmp ja cmp jnz
mov shr rol
and pop push push push
lea push cmp jnz sub
lea and and pop push
lea and and pop
call lea and and pop
call lea and and
and and pop push push
push call pop popa lea
popa lea push cmp
push call lea and and
push cmp jnz sub
push cmp jnz sub jmp
popa lea push cmp jnz
call pop popa lea push
call pop popa lea
push push call lea and
push push call pop popa
pop popa lea push cmp
shr rol xchg sub
ja cmp jnz mov mov
pop popa lea push
and pop push push
pop popa lea
lea push cmp jnz
and and pop push
shr rol xchg
popa lea push
cmp jnz sub jmp
lea push cmp
sub jmp add add
jnz sub jmp add add
cmp jnz sub jmp add
jnz sub jmp add
nop nop nop nop nop
sub jmp add add add
sub adc adc add jnz
sub adc adc jnz
adc add jnz mov sub
sub adc adc jnz inc
adc jnz inc
adc jnz inc add jnz
adc jnz inc add
adc adc jnz inc
jnz inc add jnz mov
mov sub adc adc jnz
adc adc jnz
adc adc jnz inc add
jnz inc add jnz
rol add add add
adc adc add jnz
adc add jnz mov
adc adc add jnz mov
sub jmp add
adc add jnz
dec jnz jmp nop
inc dec jnz jmp nop
dec jnz jmp nop mov
jnz jmp nop mov add
nop mov add mov add
inc xor jz mov add
xor jz mov add jnz
jnc xor sub jc
sub adc jnc xor
sub adc jnc xor sub
mov sub adc jnc xor
jnc xor sub jc shl
xor jz mov add
inc xor jz mov
adc jnc xor sub
adc jnc xor sub jc
mov inc xor jz mov
jmp nop mov add mov
adc jnc xor
jnc xor sub
jz mov add jmp call
jnz jmp nop mov
jmp nop mov add
mov add jmp call
xor jz mov
jnz jmp nop
jz mov add jnz
jz mov add jnz mov
nop mov add mov
push dec repne
push dec repne push call
push dec repne push
inc or jz mov push
jz mov push dec repne
repne push call or jz
or jz mov push dec
mov push dec repne push
dec repne push call or
dec repne push call
mov push dec repne
dec repne push
repne push call or
jmp call mov lea mov
add jmp call mov lea
repne push call
mov add jmp call mov
add jmp call mov
jmp call mov lea
jz mov push dec
nop mov add
add add add test add
or jz mov push
mov lea push jmp
add add test add add
nop nop mov inc mov
rol add add add add
nop nop nop mov inc
nop nop mov inc
add add add add rol
add rol add add add
or or or
nop nop nop mov
popa add add add
shl add add
add inc add dec add
nop nop mov
jmp nop nop nop
cs dec dec add
xor cs dec dec add
xor cs dec dec
xor cs dec
jmp nop mov inc
add push imul jc
jmp nop nop
add inc jc arpl jnc
add inc jc arpl
nop nop nop nop mov
imul add inc jc
inc jc arpl jnc add
jnz insb inc
imul jc jz arpl
push fs insb add
push fs insb
inc add dec add
push imul insb insb outsv
push imul insb insb
add inc push xor
add jc jnz insb
inc jc add add
inc jc arpl jnc
inc jc arpl
jmp nop nop nop nop
imul insb insb outsv
imul insb insb outsv arpl
arpl push imul
add add in add add
imul insb insb
add inc add dec
dec outsv popa fs imul
outsv popa fs imul add
popa fs imul add
push imul jc
jz arpl push
outsv popa fs imul
jc jz arpl
cs dec dec
dec dec add
jc jnz insb
popa fs imul
dec outsv popa fs
or jmp nop nop
or jmp nop
add dec outsv
add jc jnz
insb insb outsv arpl add
inc jc add
add push inc push
outsv popa fs
dec add inc add
add cbw add
add dec add inc
add fadds add
add add dec inc
dec add push
add dec inc push dec
add dec inc push
add adc add and
or add or add
add adc add and add
dec inc push dec inc
inc push dec inc dec
inc push dec inc
adc add and
dec add inc
adc add and add
add add jl
add add add jl
add add clc
jmp xor sub
or add or
add add add insb
add xor fs insb
add xor fs insb add
add xor fs
add call add add add
add add jo imul add
jl add add add
insb outsv bound
sar mov jmp
push inc mov push
add add jo imul
add push popa
add dec dec
gs jz push
dec dec push
add jo imul add
push inc push dec
popa add inc
imul jnc add inc
imul jnc add
add push inc push dec
dec push push push
dec popa jnc
push dec xor fs
push dec xor fs insb
inc push dec xor fs
add add or add or
push inc push dec xor
add add hlt
nop add add
inc push dec xor
add or add push
mov push call or
jmp mov add mov add
add jo imul
add nop add
inc popa jz add
imul gs jz
add or add or
push dec xor
add add add jl add
add imul jnc
add jl add add
push inc mov
cmp ja add mov
jnz jmp mov add mov
jl add add
add add jl add
ja add mov
inc popa jz
xchg add mov
jnc add inc
and shl mov add
xor add xor add
and add inc add
add nop add add
add push add push add
add and add inc add
or sub add
add xor add xor
add jmp mov lea mov
add sub add add add
or add mov
mov add jmp mov lea
dec add dec add
add add add cbw
add add add in add
add jmp mov lea
add add cbw
lock add add add add
xor add xor add xor
lock add add
imul cmp jnc
imul cmp jnc mov
imul cmp jnc mov mov
sub mov shr sub
jmp sub sub mov
jmp sub sub
sub sub mov shr
sub sub mov shr sub
jnc mov mov sub sar
mov test mov lea
jmp sub sub mov shr
test mov lea
cmp jnz lea push lea
xor add xor add
shr imul cmp
shl or shl
test jnz mov test mov
add xor add xor add
mov mov sub sar add
add xor add xor
jnz lea push lea push
jnz lea push lea
mov shr imul
shr imul cmp jnc
shl inc mov
shr imul cmp jnc mov
jnc mov cmp jnz lea
mov shl or shl
shl inc mov mov
mov jmp sub sub
mov jmp sub sub mov
movzx mov shr
xor add xor add xor
mov movzx movzx mov
sub mov shr sub mov
ja cmp jz
mov mov movzx movzx mov
mov jz movzx mov
sar add mov
inc or mov
mov sub sar add mov
sub sar add mov
mov jz movzx
shr sub cmp mov
sar add mov mov
shl or inc
mov jnc mov cmp jnz
mov shr sub cmp mov
sub mov shr sub cmp
mov shr sub cmp
mov jnc mov cmp
mov mov jmp sub sub
shl or inc mov
add ja add
mov movzx shl
sub cmp jc add mov
push call retn
cmp jc add mov
push push call retn
mov shr sub mov mov
sar lea mov mov
shr sub mov mov
mov movzx shl or
lea mov jz mov
jng add add
add jg add
add jnl add
mov ja cmp
add jpo add
mov movzx mov shl
call retn push
lea mov mov jmp sub
push call retn push
add jng add add
mov mov sub mov sar
mov sub mov sar
sub cmp mov mov mov
cmp jc add mov mov
push push call retn push
jc add mov mov
call cmp mov jnz call
shr sub cmp mov mov
add inc xor add
mov test push mov
cmp mov jnz call
call push mov push call
or inc mov mov
mov add jmp sub
push push push call retn
mov jnz call
inc xor add
shl or inc mov mov
mov mov movzx shl
add jns add
add cmp lea
cmp jnc mov cmp jnz
add jmp sub
mov jnz push pop jmp
add inc xor
mov lea shr
jp add add
shr sub mov mov mov
push call jmp push call
mov mov movzx shl or
push call cmp jz and
cmp mov mov mov lea
call cmp jz and
add shl mov
lea mov add cmp
sub jmp sub
inc mov mov mov movzx
movzx shl or shl
mov movzx shl or shl
movzx shl or inc
jc add mov mov mov
sar mov lea
mov jz mov movzx
push call push mov push
jpo add add
jg add add
inc cmp mov mov jnz
cmp mov ja
lea mov jnc
call push call test jnz
mov inc cmp mov mov
push popa insb jnz
push call cmp jnz cmp
push popa insb
cmp jnc jmp
outsv outsb dec outsb outsv
outsb dec outsb outsv
outsv outsb dec outsb
imul outsv outsb dec outsb
imul outsv outsb dec
outsv outsb dec
outsb dec outsb
cmp mov jnc mov cmp
call test jnz call cmp
mov mov jnz and
jns add add
add cmp mov mov
outsv push imul
imul outsv outsb
shr sub mov jmp
shl mov jmp sub sub
push mov test push
shl mov jmp sub
inc imul jz
sar mov lea mov
mov shl mov lea
movzx mov shl mov
mov movzx mov shl mov
push call jmp cmp jnz
mov lea mov add cmp
sar add mov shl
push jc arpl jnc
imul jns add
add add jng add
add add add jng add
call cmp jz and push
mov add mov shl
mov shl lea mov
cmp jz and push
add add add jng
add add jng
push imul push push
call push call cmp jz
setnl dec and add mov
setnl dec and add
shl dec mov
outsv push imul push
outsv push imul push push
outsb inc add
pop pop pop retn push
cmp mov jg
outsb dec outsb outsv push
push imul push
inc imul imul
dec outsb outsv push
call push push call test
mov lea mov mov lea
cmp setnl dec and add
shl mov lea mov
outsb outsv push
call push call cmp mov
add gs jz
popa gs add
gs jo popa jz
gs jo popa
setnl dec and
mov sub sub mov
jo popa jz
inc add insb add
add mov mov jmp sub
jnl and jmp
lea jmp sub
add insb add dec add
inc add insb add dec
jz gs jo popa
jz gs jo popa jz
mov sub sar add shl
add shl mov jmp
sar add shl mov jmp
sub sar add shl
sub sar add shl mov
sar add shl mov
sar add shl
insb add dec add
add insb add dec
cmp setnl dec and
xor cmp setnl dec and
mov movzx shl or inc
inc imul outsv
jnz push pop jmp push
jz insv push
cmp setnl dec
xor cmp setnl dec
insb add dec add add
cmp jl push push push
add jz gs jo
add jg add add
sub mov cmp mov
add jz gs jo popa
jz gs jo
popa jz dec
jl push push push
add jz gs
lea mov jz mov mov
add mov add cmp mov
mov mov sub jnz
mov jnz call mov jmp
call retn push push
lea call test mov
push push mov test mov
mov test push mov jnz
test jz call mov pop
cmp mov jnz call mov
jz mov test jz add
sub jnz mov call
add jz insb
pop xor pop ret push
or inc inc
xor add add inc
xor mov mov div
push mov test push mov
lea mov call mov test
xchg add insb
jmp push pop jmp
pop jmp push mov test
push pop pop pop leave
dec add add pop
pop pop leave ret call
test add xor add
add xor add add inc
xor add or add
imul insb add
ja jc cmp ja
test push mov jz push
test add xor
add inc xor add add
add jng add xchg
mov add cmp mov jnc
push mov test mov
jng add xchg
add sub add add inc
dec popa gs
push pop jmp push mov
jnz call lea push
retn push mov push call
add add inc xor
inc xor add add
add mov add mov xor
add inc add push add
outsv jc and
add add outsb add
add mov xor add
mov jnz call mov
jmp push pop jmp push
test push mov jz
add cmp mov jnc mov
shl mov mov mov
mov mov ja
add gs jz inc
call retn push mov
sub add add inc add
add add inc add push
mov inc shl
call cmp jz lea push
call jmp push pop
mov add cmp lea
test push mov jnz
jmp push pop pop pop
mov sub jnz
or mov call mov mov
add cmp mov jnc
jmp push pop pop
sub add add inc
add add inc push
mov and mov shl
xor add xor add add
jmp push call test jz
jnz call lea
outsb push add
mov xor pop ret push
xor add or
mov shr sub mov jmp
mov sub mov shr sub
sub mov sub mov shr
imul cmp lea
jmp push lea mov
mov mov sub cmp jc
push call cmp mov jz
cmp mov jng mov
and mov shl
add xor add and add
mov xor inc shl
inc mov cmp jnl
gs jz inc
outsb fs imul
inc add push add add
jc xor mov
add xor add and
mov shl add cmp
sub jmp sub jmp
call cmp jz lea
mov call mov mov sub
jz mov movzx mov
cmp jc sub or
xor add and add
mov sub mov shr
dec dec and
push call cmp jl
jc sub or
sub or dec jnz mov
jc sub or dec
sub or dec jnz
jc sub or dec jnz
cmp jc sub or dec
or dec jnz mov
and imul imul
ret push mov mov cmp
add imul cmp lea mov
imul cmp lea mov
add imul cmp lea
or dec jnz
shl sub add cmp
jz call mov pop
jc push popa insb
jnz jc push popa
jc push popa insb jnz
jnz jc push popa insb
inc pop ret mov
mov test jz call test
call jmp cmp jnz push
jnz jc push
call test jnz test jz
sub or dec
mov mov call mov test
add inc imul outsv
cs dec dec
xor inc shl
jc push popa
add insb add add add
shl sub add
mov test jz add sub
shl add cmp lea
cmp ja mov mov sub
jz push push call cmp
or inc inc cmp
or mov shl dec
add insb add add
test jz add sub
insb add add inc
ja mov mov sub
sub sub cmp mov
retn mov mov
sub mov sub mov
push push add push push
sub sub mov mov
pop leave ret call
add add jl add
retn push mov push mov
push push call cmp jl
test jnz cmp jnz cmp
shl mov sub
push mov jz push push
movzx shl or inc mov
sub add and add
add mov jmp lea
pop xor pop ret
retn push mov sub mov
add add jl
imul add jc
add push push call push
inc outsv outsb jz
adc inc outsv
push call push call jmp
add cmp ja mov mov
retn push push call
popa insv gs
call add add add xor
xor add inc add add
add add xor add inc
add xor add inc add
xchg add add add add
xchg add add add
add xchg add add add
add add add or or
or or add add
add xchg add add
add add or or
sbb add and
add or or
or or add
add add add outsv
add add add add outsv
add insb jz
add sub sub
push add xor
pop add xor
add add jnc add
add add add add jnc
add add insv
imul dec popa
test add mov
push add insb
mov adc add
add or push
add add add jnc
add push or
add jnc add
dec popa imul
or push pop
add mov adc
adc add push
add add int3
add add add imul
add add add add imul
xor add push
mov mov add add add
add add add arpl
inc add add add inc
add add inc inc add
imul add add add add
bound add add add add
add add inc inc
add add add xchg
add add add inc inc
add add dec inc
inc add xor add
inc inc add add
add push jc
add cmp inc
xor add or
jpo add add
inc add xor
add add add popa
cmp inc add
inc xor add add
add add push inc
add and pop
inc xor add
push imul inc
add ss add
inc dec inc
dec push add
add add xor xor xor
add inc xor
sub sub push
or add inc
xor add add push
add add mov inc
add add lock
add add push inc add
add add fs
add cs add
jna add add
add add add jnz
push inc add add
add es add
add add jns
add add gs
imul inc add
outsv push imul
inc add add mov
add add enter
add add add jng
add jpo add
add add cmp add add
add add jnz
add imul jz
popa add add add
add add jng
rol add add add add
add add add add xchg
add push jnz
rol add add add
inc add push add add
add add push push
add or dec
jc add add add
add inc add push add
add xchg inc add
add add lock add
xor dec jz
xchg inc add
add xchg inc
or sub add
add and add xor
in xor add
jnc add add add
jz add add add add
add push cmp
add add add add jz
and add xor
push inc xor
push and add
jo add inc
jz add add add
add add add add rol
add dec inc add
insv inc add
add inc add add inc
mov xor mov add
add push and
add add xchg add
add add add cbw
sub or mov
mov sub or
add add cbw
imul add imul
add xor push
insv add add
inc mov sub
dec inc add
add add cs
add add hlt
outsb outsv push
add arpl add
add adc adc
cmp add mov
pop sub mov
add add pop pop
push dec push
mov call pop pop cmp
jnz push add add
add add inc mov
add add jna add
add add inc push
xor inc mov cmp
push push imul
imul jnc add
popa insb add
add imul add add
inc add adc
and add dec
jnz push add
fs add add
add loop add
add add jna
add push xor
mov dec lea
push add jz
pop inc cmp
or test mov
push push or
add imul jnc
pop push add
adc inc add
add jz jnz
test push pop
add add ja
add sub add add add
add add add lock
add add add add popa
add add lea
outsv jc add add
add add dec add xor
add cmp pop
jo jc add
dec jo outsb
xor add or add
add add add add outsb
sbb inc add
and add mov add
dec mov pop
sal add add add add
sal add add add
add inc inc add inc
inc inc add inc inc
sub xor add
sal add add
js add add add
add dec add xor add
add mov add push
jc outsv add
add dec add xor
dec add xor add
inc inc add inc
xor add adc
add inc xor add add
add rol add add add
add add inc xor
add inc xor add
dec add xor
add inc or add
add jns add
add push push add
adc add jo add
adc add jo
add add add inc or
jz add dec
inc or add
add add out
add add inc or
xor add dec
add adc add and add
mov add adc
add adc add and
mov pop add
outsb inc add
mov dec add
adc add and add
inc push add
adc add and
add add and add pop
sub push add
sub inc test
add inc or
add and add pop
push add add inc
push add inc add
jz xor xor
test add xor add
push popa jz
test add xor
inc add mov inc add
add or inc
push add or
add pop and
add jg add add
add add clc
pop add push
add push mov add
xor and xor
jg add add
inc add mov inc
jz and and
inc add mov add
sub add and add
inc and add
add jg add
push add inc
mov inc add mov
add mov inc add
sub add and
jmp jmp jmp add add
jmp call mov call and
jmp and cmp
jmp add shr mov lea
jmp add shr mov
jmp add shr
jmp add push
jmp add or xor shr
jmp add or xor
jmp add or
jmp add mov jmp mov
jmp add mov jmp
jmp add inc
jmp add cmp jz
jl xor mov shl add
jmp jnl mov
jl xor mov shl
jmp jnl mov sub
jmp jnl mov sub lea
jl xor inc pop pop
jmp and cmp jz
jmp and jmp cmp
jmp jng push xor pop
jmp and push call mov
jmp call cmp jnz push
jmp call cmp jnz mov
jmp call cmp jnz cmp
jmp call cmp jng call
jmp call cmp jng
jmp call add
jmp and push call pop
jmp jng push
jmp and mov mov mov
jmp jng push xor
jmp and mov mov lea
jmp and mov cmp jng
jmp and mov cmp
jmp and mov call ret
jmp and mov call
jmp and jmp mov mov
jmp and jmp mov
jmp and jmp cmp jnz
jl xor inc pop
jl xor cmp setnz push
jl xor cmp setnz
jl jmp mov xor test
jl mov mov add
jmp jnz cmp jnz
jl mov cmp jnl mov
jl mov cmp jnl
jl lea push push call
jl lea push push
jl lea push
jl lea mov
jl jmp mov xor
jl mov mov cmp
jmp jnz cmp jnz mov
jl jg cmp jc
jl jg cmp
jl inc inc jmp cmp
jmp lea cmp ja
jl inc inc jmp
jl inc inc
jl cmp pop
jl mov mov add push
jl mov mov cmp jnz
jmp jnz cmp
jl push call xor
jl xor cmp
jl test jz
jl test jnc neg adc
jl test jnc neg
jl test jnc
jl push push push call
jl push push push
jl push pop
jl pop pop ret mov
jl mov mov jmp
jl pop pop pop
jl pop pop mov leave
jl pop pop mov
jl mov test
jl mov push
jl mov pop mov test
jl mov pop mov
jl mov mov mov mov
jmp call jmp
jmp jng cmp ja
jmp jmp jmp add
jmp cmp jz call call
jmp cmp mov mov jnz
jmp cmp mov mov
jmp cmp mov jnz mov
jmp cmp lea
jmp cmp jz test
jmp cmp jz mov push
jmp cmp jz mov and
jmp cmp jz cmp jl
jmp cmp jz call
jmp dec cmp jz
jmp cmp jnz xor
jmp cmp jnz test jz
jmp cmp jnz test
jmp cmp jnz push call
jmp cmp jnz or push
jmp cmp jnz or mov
jmp cmp jnz movzx
jmp cmp jnz mov or
jmp dec cmp
jmp dec jmp
jmp cmp jnz lea push
jmp inc push lea push
jmp jmp int3 int3 int3
jmp jmp int3 int3
jmp jmp jmp int3
jmp jmp int3
jmp jmp add add add
jmp jmp add add
jmp jmp add
jmp jmp jmp int3 int3
jmp inc push lea
jmp dec jmp cmp
jmp inc mov mov
jmp inc mov
jmp inc jmp
jmp inc inc cmp jz
jmp inc cmp jnz
jmp imul mov
adc inc outsv insv insv
jmp dec jmp cmp jz
jmp cmp jnz mov inc
jmp cmp jnz cmp jnc
jmp jng cmp
jmp jmp push push
jmp call xor pop
jmp call test jz
jmp jmp mov
jmp call test
jmp jmp push mov push
jmp call push pop
jmp call pop pop test
jmp call pop pop
jmp call mov or
jmp cmp ja inc
movzx movzx sub jz
movzx sub jz
sub jz xor
xor test setnle
movzx movzx sub
jnz movzx movzx
or lea push push
or lea push push push
or lea push
push call or lea
call or lea
push push call or lea
pop ret mov push mov
jz movzx movzx sub
cmp jz movzx movzx sub
mov cmp jz movzx movzx
cmp jz movzx movzx
xor test jnz mov cmp
jmp xor test jnz
xor test jnz mov
ret mov push mov push
jnz mov cmp jz movzx
ret mov push mov sub
lea jmp xor
leave ret mov push mov
add or lea
mov xor call mov jmp
xor call mov jmp
mov lea mov xor call
lea mov xor call
lea mov xor call mov
ret mov push mov mov
jmp mov lea mov xor
pop xor pop call
movdqa movdqa movdqa
call push pop mov call
test jnz call mov call
movdqa movdqa movdqa movdqa
xor pop call leave
call and call
pop xor pop call leave
call and call mov
sar mov and
movdqa movdqa movdqa movdqa movdqa
mov sar mov and
lea cmp jc lea cmp
sar mov and shl
mov sar mov and shl
push push push call int3
xor pop call leave ret
push push call int3
mov call mov call ret
pop pop xor pop call
lea cmp jc lea
lea jmp lea jmp
jnz call mov call mov
xor call mov jmp mov
test js cmp
mov jmp xor test
jnz call and
call mov call or
mov pop pop test
jmp lea jmp lea
jmp lea jmp lea jmp
push push mov call xor
or jmp or jmp
call mov pop pop test
jz mov test jnz call
mov pop ret mov push
jnz call and call
jnz call and call mov
cmp jnz call and
int3 mov push mov
mov and shl mov
add pop ret mov push
call cmp jz mov and
or test jz
add pop ret mov
lea jmp lea jmp lea
lea jmp mov lea mov
jz mov and mov jmp
jz mov and jmp
mov mov sar mov and
test jz mov test jnz
lea jmp mov lea
add cmp jz mov and
jz push call pop and
cmp jz mov and jmp
jmp test js
call mov call cmp jz
jnz call push pop
call add pop ret mov
mov cmp jnz call and
mov and mov jmp
mov mov sar mov
call mov call mov jmp
mov and sar
call add test jnz push
push push call or mov
jnz call push pop mov
add xor call
cmp jc call
call mov jmp mov lea
ja add movzx
cmp ja add movzx
mov test jns
jz dec dec
jmp lea jmp mov lea
add xor call mov
mov add xor call
mov add xor call mov
call leave ret mov push
call mov or jmp
pop pop cmp jnz
mov and shl lea
shl lea and
sar mov and shl lea
and shl lea
call mov call ret mov
push pop mov mov jmp
mov pop pop test jz
call int3 push mov
mov and sar mov
sar mov shl
call push pop mov mov
and sar mov
jmp or jmp or
mov sub push lea call
jnz add or
cmp jnz call and call
mov add push push push
mov mov and sar mov
test pop pop
jnz call mov call or
jmp lea jmp mov
mov pop xor pop call
call add test jnz add
jz mov and xor
jz mov and leave
jz mov and leave ret
mov mov and sar
cmp jz mov and xor
dec jnz test
add test jnz add
lea mov and shl
jmp mov sar lea
mov and leave ret
call int3 mov push mov
call int3 mov push
mov and leave
ja call push
xor mov push push mov
mov and sar mov shl
and sar mov shl
cmp setnz cmp
sbb and add push push
push call int3 push mov
cmp jz mov and leave
call int3 mov
and add push push call
cmp ja call push
shl mov movsx and
shl mov movsx
movzx cmp jc
ret mov push mov xor
mov sar lea mov and
sar lea mov and
or mov call mov call
sbb and add push
call ret mov push call
and add push push
lea push mov neg sbb
lea push mov neg
mov and shl mov movsx
and shl mov movsx
and shl mov movsx and
movzx lea push
nop nop nop nop nop
or jmp push push
jmp mov mov movzx
or test jz or
jmp or jmp or jmp
call or pop
jz dec dec jz
push push push call call
neg sbb inc
neg sbb and add push
mov jmp lea jmp
shl mov movsx and jz
mov movsx and jz
movsx and jz
sub jz dec dec
sar lea mov and shl
lea mov and shl mov
mov jmp call mov call
jmp call mov call and
or mov jmp or
push lea push mov neg
dec dec jz
jz mov and pop
jnz cmp jz mov and
jz cmp jz mov and
or jmp or jmp or
call mov call ret push
mov neg sbb and add
and add cmp jz
mov test jnz call push
and sar mov shl lea
sar mov shl lea
test jnz xor mov
jmp test jnz or
push mov neg
push mov neg sbb
add pop ret push mov
movzx lea push push
call and call mov or
call pop cmp jz mov
jnz call mov or
call test pop pop
jmp mov sar lea mov
mov jmp int3
pop div cmp
xor pop div cmp
push xor pop div cmp
inc jmp lea push
jmp movzx movzx
mov mov test jns
mov and pop pop
add or jz push
call add or jz push
jnz call push push push
mov call int3
push mov neg sbb and
mov call or jmp
call add or jz
push call add or jz
push push push push jmp
push mov test jnz call
and jz push call pop
and jz push call
and call mov or
lea cmp ja call
lea cmp ja call mov
push call mov mov and
jg jz cmp
cmp jg jz cmp
mov jmp int3 int3
call mov jmp test
push call and add cmp
add xor call mov mov
or mov jmp cmp
call and add cmp
call and add cmp jz
mov call ret mov push
sub neg sbb
add jmp mov test
call and add
movsx and jz push call
movsx and jz push
mov movsx and jz push
cmp jz mov and pop
push call int3 mov push
jmp sub jz
and jz push
mov xor call mov xor
push call and add
jc lea cmp ja
cmp jc lea cmp ja
call mov call and or
xor call mov xor
test jnz mov and
mov jmp int3 int3 int3
call mov xor call mov
or mov jmp test
inc jmp lea push push
pop test jz or
mov call and or
lea push mov mov push
cmp jc mov cmp jc
sub jz dec dec jz
jc mov cmp jc
mov ret mov push
cmp jz call mov call
push jmp test
test jns or
push call int3 mov
mov mov cmp jnz call
xchg inc add
call pop pop cmp jnz
or jz push
lea push call or
mov jmp test js
mov call or pop
push push call and add
mov cmp jz or
cmp jnz call push push
test jz dec jnz
or jmp push push push
test jnz call push pop
mov mov test jng
cmp jnc movzx
pop test jz inc
mov jmp mov test jnz
cmp jna add
jng push xor
ret push mov push call
and shl lea and
mov and shl lea and
and call mov or jmp
lea pop pop pop mov
pop pop mov xor call
mov pop pop test jnz
ret push push lea
cmp jz cmp jz call
mov and or jmp
ja call push pop
jng push xor pop
call mov test jnz call
jnz and jmp
call pop ret call
cmp jnz or jz
mov test jng push
jz or test
pop test jnz call
call mov call xor
cmp ja call push pop
jnz or jz
pop cmp jnz call mov
pop cmp jnz call
jz or test jz or
in inc add
mov call mov jmp push
lea jmp lea jmp mov
pop pop mov mov mov
call add mov mov call
jmp mov add jmp
test jz or test
jz or test jz
jng push xor pop div
push call test pop pop
add movzx add
movzx movzx jmp mov
xor pop div cmp jc
pop div cmp jc
xor mov mov push mov
call mov call or pop
sub push push lea call
test jz or test jz
ret push mov mov mov
div cmp jc
jmp test jnz or jmp
push call test jnz and
cmp jna call mov
inc cmp ja
test jnz test jnz cmp
jna call mov
cmp jz add cmp
jz mov and pop pop
add test jnz push push
jz mov add xor
jz mov and mov pop
cwd push push push
cwd push push
cmp ja call mov cmp
ja call mov cmp
xor pop ret mov push
sbb inc mov
mov mov mov xor push
pop test jz mov push
add mov mov call mov
cmp jna push call lea
call mov jmp mov jmp
push push lea sub
mov jz push pop
ret push push lea sub
pop div cmp jc lea
div cmp jc lea
jna push call lea
test jnz mov call push
jmp mov add jmp mov
ja call push pop mov
mov and jz mov
mov or jz add
lea push movzx push
mov mov test jnz call
jmp movzx movzx jmp
push mov lea mov ret
jmp movzx cmp
lea and push
mov xor call leave ret
mov xor call leave
xor call leave ret
xor call leave
mov cwd push
movzx movzx jmp mov mov
xor push push cmp
mov ret mov push mov
inc add in
ja call mov cmp jz
push push jmp cmp jnz
and add and add
add and add and
add and add and add
outsv insv jo
inc outsv insv jo
lea push call lea push
push lea push call lea
add add jns
rol add add add
xor add xor add
mov push call add mov
xor push push push mov
add jg add
adc add adc
pop sub mov
add add add add rol
nop add add
call lea push lea
rol add add add add
add lea add
fs insb add add add
call lea push lea push
push imul jc
push call lea push lea
add outsv add
inc add add add inc
xor fs insb add add
add jnl add
mov pop add
mov leave retn
mov add push mov
nop push mov
int3 int3 jmp
add jns add
inc add insb add
xor pop pop pop mov
int3 int3 int3 int3 jmp
add xor add xor add
add xor add xor
nop add add add
int3 int3 int3 jmp
add rol add add add
nop add add add add
jnz inc mov mov cmp
or and and
ret jmp jmp
outsv add add
cmp jnz inc mov mov
call add pop mov pop
jnz inc mov mov
or and and and
insv add add
add ja add
add pop mov pop
or add mov
imul add add add add
mov add call
add add nop
loopne add add
inc dec dec
sub add inc
add add add xchg
inc mov mov cmp jz
mov mov call push call
add add and add and
js add add add
add sub add add add
add nop add
add mov mov sub
inc and add
add inc add insb add
add add add add xchg
xor add xor add xor
add inc add insb
mov jmp jmp
add add add popa
add add cmp add add
add loopne add add
loopne add add add
jmp jmp mov
add js add add add
jz jnz jz
add jpo add
loopne add add add add
add pop push
add sub sub
pop pop mov push
add add cbw
add popa add add
push call push mov push
add inc js
add ret add
jmp jmp push push
push call retn
jp add add
add add add enter
int3 mov push mov
push add dec
sub sub sub
jnc imul add
xchg add add add
add add nop add
pop add push
add add enter
add xor push
mov add mov call mov
add jz jc
lock add add
js add add add add
add mov add inc
adc mov mov
xor mov add mov
call push mov push call
push dec push
add add lock
push add inc
jmp jmp jmp jmp jmp
add mov call mov
push lea lea
dec inc inc
push push call retn
add add add add loopne
or add or
add add popa add
int3 int3 mov push mov
add add outsb add
pop test pop
add or or
push push call pop test
add nop add add
mov mov call xor
dec pop mov
inc dec inc
call lea mov call
xor xor and
int3 jmp jmp
xor mov sub
jmp jmp add
add add add nop
push push push add
mov dec add
add lock add add
xor add push
nop nop mov
add add add add enter
or inc add
add jmpf add
popa add add add
add mov mov mov add
pop add inc
xor inc inc
lea mov call mov mov
call test jns
or add or add
add add inc js
mov lea mov call
cwd idiv mov
add bound add
add add add cbw
add add add popa add
pop add jmp
xor add adc
add xchg add add
mov add push push push
lea jmp push
add add in add add
add add add lock
add lock add add add
inc add adc
lock add add add
dec dec inc
mov mov movsx
add call push
add add push inc
push push push call call
sub add sub
add add out
add add xor xor xor
mov dec dec
dec add pop
test jns push
add sub add inc
mov mov cmp jnz inc
jpo add add
lea mov mov call mov
jmp nop nop
add add fs
jc mov xor
arpl push imul
mov mov add add mov
push pop dec
cmp jz cmp jna mov
add add lock add
jc jz arpl
lea call lea
add outsv add add
imul insb insb
imul xor xor
add sub cmp
dec add dec add
or add inc
or or call mov mov
cmp mov jnz lea
jnc cmp jnc
pop or or
add or add or
jnz push call call
add mov lea mov
or or call mov
add imul add add
sub mov call
jc outsv add
push lea push call test
outsv arpl push
imul insb insb outsv arpl
imul insb insb outsv
add xchg add add add
or or call
inc add dec add
add add add imul
call test jz movzx
lea mov rep
shl or inc
in add add add add
mov lea call mov
jng add add
add push add dec
mov add mov add add
mov mov call lea mov
add insb add dec add
inc add insb add dec
add xor xor xor xor
ja add add
insb add dec add
mov xor mov add
insb add dec add add
add insb add dec
call retn push
jmp pop pop pop
add mov push mov
add call add add add
add add add add js
push imul insb insb outsv
push imul insb insb
jns add add
jmp mov add mov mov
add push xor
push push mov call xor
push push push call retn
inc xor push
inc outsv outsb
call mov call call
add xor inc cmp
push call test jz movzx
mov add xor mov
sub xor mov
call ret jmp
sub mov cmp jz
jnz cmp jnz inc
add add push inc add
add jz jnz
xchg add add add add
add push and
call jmp mov mov mov
outsb add insb add
outsb add insb
add add inc inc
add inc xor
push pop push pop
xor push push mov mov
jz add add add
popa jz dec
lea mov mov push push
jmp jmp add add
call push xor pop
jmp push pop push push
dec inc add
cmp jnz cmp jnz inc
mov lea mov lea mov
jg add add
add sub mov mov
pop pop pop pop leave
inc inc add inc
mov cwd idiv
add add gs
imul jns add
mov pop retn push
add or inc
call pop pop ret xor
mov push push call xor
call lea push mov
inc inc add inc inc
add dec add dec
inc insb insb
adc add sub
add inc add dec
outsb inc add
add inc add dec add
arpl imul inc
add add leave
mov call push lea
inc add mov add
pop pop pop retn push
insb insb outsv arpl push
insb outsv arpl push
add dec add dec add
mov pop lea
add adc mov
imul imul add
mov lea push call test
add add add arpl
sub mov cmp jnz
jmp jmp int3 int3
jmp jmp int3
dec jmp mov
sub cmp mov jnz
inc mov jmp push
add add insv
mov mov mov cmp jnc
mov mov lea call
add add jnz
jl push push push
add add add inc inc
retn mov mov
add add add in add
add push mov call
add add mov mov mov
mov or add
add add add jnc
push call jmp push call
jnz cmp jnz inc mov
add add pusha add add
push pop or
mov add cmp jnz push
push call retn push
outsv outsb jz
push add dec add
push call call push
add imul outsb
imul mov mov mov
jmp jmp push push call
ret call jmp mov
mov mov call sub
not mov mov
mov mov mov shl add
lea push call push lea
add popa add add add
add cbw add
mov mov add mov jmp
cmp jnc and
pop mov pop retn
inc outsv outsb jz
jmp cmp jna inc
add add inc inc add
outsv and insb
call add mov mov push
add fadds add
lea push call add mov
mov xor test jnz
push push call retn push
mov push lea mov call
jz add add add add
adc add push
mov mov xor add
add push add pop
add retn add
add mov adc
add add ja
add push mov add
mov add mov mov sub
add add jna
push cmp pop
test mov lea
push xor push push mov
add add bound
test pop jz push push
mov call mov call push
sub test jz
or or add
leave retn jmp
jmp or push
mov mov or mov mov
mov jmp int3
dec add push
pop retn jmp
inc push add
sub mov mov cmp
push push call inc
add jnc add
mov pop retn push mov
sub push mov mov
add dec dec
jz dec popa
add add add add nop
mov add add mov mov
add add int3
lea mov call push
retn jmp push
lea mov mov mov lea
call push push push mov
nop nop nop nop nop
nop push mov
jmp nop nop
nop nop mov
nop nop nop nop mov
nop nop nop mov
jmp nop nop nop nop
jmp nop nop nop
mov mov call cmp jz
sub mov call
call cmp jz test
mov mov call sub
mov call or jmp mov
mov call or jmp
call or jmp mov
mov mov call or
sub test mov
mov call leave
xor jmp lea
mov add call
sub test jz mov
sub test jz
cmp jnz mov mov call
push mov sub mov test
sub mov test jz mov
mov call mov call call
call cmp jz test jnz
mov mov not
pop pop retn cmp
mov sub mov test jz
mov call mov jmp xor
call sub mov mov
mov call sub mov mov
mov mov call jmp mov
jz test jnz xor
cmp jnz jmp cmp jz
mov call sub mov
jnz jmp cmp jz
mov mov call sub mov
jmp call jmp
call sub mov
mov lea mov call
mov mov call mov jmp
call mov call call
cmp jc mov mov mov
add pop mov mov mov
mov mov cmp ja cmp
jmp jmp jmp jmp jmp
lea push mov pop
call test jnz mov jmp
lea jmp lea jmp
jmp lea lea
jnz mov mov mov test
mov jmp add mov
jmp lea lea push
shr rep mov
not mov mov
rol add add add add
rol add add add
mov jmp int3 int3
mov jmp int3
mov jmp int3 int3 int3
add retn add
jmp lea jmp lea jmp
jmp lea jmp lea
add pop pop pop pop
mov jnz mov mov mov
retn cmp jnz
lea jmp lea jmp lea
mov call test mov
call call and
add rol add add add
add call push
mov xor mov jmp
add add add jl add
shr rep mov and
add add jl add
call pop retn
mov mov call mov test
lea lea push push
pop pop add ret
add add add jl
shr rep mov and rep
lea jmp mov jmp
mov call mov mov sub
mov lea call mov
mov pop pop pop retn
add add jl
add shl add mov
lea mov mov call mov
or or or
add add out
mov xor dec
lea call lea
xor cmp jz mov mov
dec mov pop
mov xor mov add
add mov xor mov mov
mov jng add
mov mov call xor
call mov mov push call
add mov mov call mov
add loop add
pop pop pop add ret
test jz mov xor cmp
pop pop pop ret lea
add jz mov
cmp add push
add xor test
jp add add
mov cwd idiv
mov shr rep mov
jz mov xor cmp
mov xor test jz
mov mov mov call add
lea push call lea push
mov shr rep
lea push mov push push
jng add add
retn mov mov
jmp jmp add add add
jz mov mov push call
pop add retn
jmp jmp add add
mov call mov xor mov
shr mov xor
mov lea call mov mov
mov cmp ja test jz
mov cmp ja test
call mov add pop
add add fs
mov jmp lea mov
shl add mov test
jmp jmp add
mov mov call lea mov
push fs insb add
push fs insb
pop xchg mov
cmp jnl lea
and rep mov
jz cmp jz dec
push push sub mov
lea mov rep
shl add mov test jz
cmp jz dec mov
lea mov call push
lea not mov
mov lea not mov
push call mov call mov
mov shr rep mov and
mov mov lea call
ret lea push
call push mov push call
pop pop pop retn push
mov cmp lea
sub lea mov mov
jz mov push call mov
jmp lea jmp mov
mov mov cmp mov mov
lea push mov mov push
lea jmp lea jmp mov
int3 int3 int3 lea
call add mov mov cmp
jmp mov mov call mov
and add and add
dec mov jmp
lea mov call mov mov
jmp mov call mov mov
add test mov mov
mov and rep mov
mov sub mov sub
lea jz mov
push call jmp push call
mov mov shr rep mov
jmp push call pop pop
rep mov and rep mov
mov mov shr rep
mov test jnz lea
lea mov mov push push
add and add and add
mov push mov and
mov mov cmp jnz lea
test jnz mov test jnz
pop pop pop xor
add add nop
mov add mov push
add and add and
mov call add mov mov
jnz or pop
jz mov xor mov
int3 int3 int3 int3 lea
add jl add add
add add lock
jl add add
cmp lea jz mov
mov mov call push call
shl mov mov mov
mov movzx cmp jz
add xor mov mov
mov jnz mov push
cmp mov jz cmp jz
mov push push call cmp
pop retn mov mov
call cmp jz mov mov
mov movzx sub
push mov mov xor mov
call lea push call push
mov jz lea mov
test jz mov pop
jz test jz lea
mov push mov push lea
mov mov mov shr rep
or test mov
mov call pop pop pop
leave ret lea push
lea call mov lea
mov call push lea
jz mov mov call test
test jz mov mov call
lea mov movzx
mov xor mov mov cmp
mov mov or xor
cmp jz mov mov and
add add mov add mov
push push call pop test
test jz mov pop pop
call add pop pop pop
jz test jz lea push
mov mov call add mov
call jmp push call pop
push call ret mov
and or mov mov mov
pop mov pop retn
mov mov mov or xor
call pop pop retn
mov jz mov push
push call pop pop retn
cmp jnz add mov jmp
jnz add mov jmp
jz mov call mov test
add cmp mov jz
xor mov jmp mov mov
add outsv add
jz lea push mov
xor mov call mov
push lea mov call push
test jz mov test jnz
push call mov pop jmp
and cmp jnz push push
mov pop add
mov call mov mov test
xor mov mov cmp jnz
ret mov push push call
lea mov push call
lea push mov call test
push mov mov call add
jna add add
jz mov pop pop
jz push push add
dec popa insv
add inc or add
push add gs jz
mov movzx test
jnc sub mov
test mov jnz mov mov
jl push push push
inc outsv outsb jz
jnz jmp inc
xor fs insb add push
add imul jnc
gs jz push
insb add push add
popa insv gs
and ret mov push
fs insb add push
lea call mov mov mov
push mov inc push
lea mov call push lea
add xor fs insb add
inc outsv outsb
inc or add
add xor fs insb
push add gs
call push call jmp push
add xor fs
pop mov pop pop retn
add jmp add mov
test jz mov lea mov
retn mov cmp
sub xor mov
jmp mov jmp lea
mov add inc cmp
mov and cmp jnz push
inc inc call
add mov mov mov add
mov call push mov push
jmp inc mov
push push push call call
imul insb add
xor mov add mov
sub lea mov lea mov
jmp jmp jmp add add
push call push call jmp
lea push call push call
jmp jmp jmp add
call jmp mov mov mov
mov mov add add add
call mov leave
and ret mov
outsv outsb jz
nop add add
mov jz cmp jz mov
mov push mov xor push
pop retn mov jmp
test js mov
jmp mov shl
mov xor call jmp
test jnz push call xor
call push call jmp
add gs jz
mov call add cmp
jnc inc jc outsv
popa jnc inc jc outsv
jnc inc jc outsv jc
popa jnc inc jc
call add lea mov
jnc inc jc
inc jc outsv jc add
jc outsv jc add
retn mov jmp
inc popa jnc inc jc
call lea mov call
lea mov xor mov
lea lea push push push
inc popa jnc inc
imul add imul
xor call jmp
inc popa jnc
call pop pop pop retn
mov add push push push
mov mov jmp lea
insb add push
call cmp jnz inc
mov push mov call add
push rep call
add inc or
mov call mov call test
mov pop mov mov mov
mov call test jnz test
add mov push call
mov jz and
push push call retn push
push call retn push
inc add xor
imul insb gs
mov cmp jnz add mov
test mov mov mov jz
lea push call add mov
add add add add xchg
call push call cmp jz
push push push sub mov
cmp jz cmp jz dec
ret lea lea
leave retn push mov mov
cmp jnz add mov mov
imul jc jz arpl
mov push push push sub
add outsv add add
add cmp pop
add jc jnz insb
test push jz mov
add inc push xor
lea call test mov
sub pop mov
xor xor mov mov
mov sub test jz
mov add xor mov
sub mov mov mov add
and mov call mov
add add add xchg
push mov call jmp
dec outsv popa fs
mov mov shl lea mov
add mov mov mov lea
push push call retn
jc jz arpl
push call retn
jnz mov mov test jz
mov mov shl lea
jmp mov jmp add
mov push push sub
jo outsb inc
add push imul jc
jnz insb inc
mov jz mov cmp
call retn push
add dec outsv
add inc jc arpl jnc
add inc jc arpl
dec dec inc push
lea jmp lea jmp
jmp lea jmp lea jmp
jmp lea jmp lea
lea jmp lea jmp lea
mov jmp int3
mov jmp int3 int3
jmp mov add jmp
jmp mov add jmp mov
lea jmp mov jmp
mov jmp int3 int3 int3
mov add jmp mov add
jmp lea jmp mov
add jmp mov add
lea jmp lea jmp mov
mov jmp lea jmp
int3 int3 int3 lea
int3 int3 int3 int3 lea
mov xor call mov jmp
xor call mov jmp
lea mov xor call mov
mov lea mov xor call
lea mov xor call
jmp mov lea mov xor
mov jmp mov add jmp
mov add jmp mov jmp
jmp mov jmp lea
jmp lea jmp mov lea
lea jmp mov lea mov
pop ret mov push mov
lea jmp mov lea
xor call mov jmp mov
ret mov push mov push
jmp jmp jmp jmp jmp
ret lea jmp
add es add
ret mov push mov sub
leave ret mov push mov
inc add pop inc add
inc add pop inc
add jmp mov lea mov
mov add jmp mov lea
add jmp mov lea
jmp mov jmp mov add
jnz inc mov mov cmp
cmp jnz inc mov mov
ret mov push mov mov
jmp ret mov
inc add push inc add
inc add push inc
jnz inc mov mov
inc mov mov cmp jz
add jmp mov jmp mov
call mov jmp mov jmp
movdqa movdqa movdqa
jmp jmp int3
jmp jmp int3 int3
inc add add inc add
jmp mov and test
call ret mov jmp
outsb inc add
or lea push push
mov add call
movdqa movdqa movdqa movdqa
add inc add add inc
mov and test jz mov
or lea push push push
or lea push
push call ret mov
int3 int3 int3 int3 jmp
int3 int3 int3 jmp
int3 int3 jmp
jmp jmp int3 int3 int3
movdqa movdqa movdqa movdqa movdqa
not and dec
movzx movzx sub jz
and jz and
add ds add
movzx sub jz
xor test setnle
mov call push mov mov
mov sar dec
jmp jmp push push
sub jz xor
pop add pop add
ret jmp jmp
and dec jnz mov and
not and dec jnz mov
not and dec jnz
call or lea
add sub add sub
mov xor call mov xor
xor call mov xor
movzx movzx sub
call mov xor call mov
push call retn
push call or lea
or or call mov
jmp jmp jmp int3 int3
add jnc add
or test jz
jmp jmp jmp int3
or or call
add mov inc add
add outsv add
sub add sub
push push call or lea
inc add mov add
inc add adc
lea not and
lea not and dec
or test jz or
int3 mov push mov
jnz cmp jnz inc mov
and add and add
or or call mov mov
jnz cmp jnz inc
push push call retn
cmp jnz cmp jnz inc
call pop pop ret xor
jmp jmp push push call
sar dec cmp
mov lea push call test
and inc mov
mov mov cmp jnz inc
int3 jmp jmp
or jmp or jmp
jz or test jz
test jz or test jz
test jz or test
jz or test
pop or or
push call test jz movzx
cmp jz cmp jna mov
jmp cmp jna inc
jnz movzx movzx
pop retn jmp
add arpl add
call test jz movzx
add and add and add
inc mov jmp push
jz dec dec
jz or test jz or
mov jmp mov push call
lea not and dec jnz
add and add and
mov pop ret mov push
add pop and
jna push pop mov
or add and
jmp push pop push push
push push push call retn
pop mov pop retn
or add adc
add loop add
push push call mov ret
pop mov leave
retn jmp push push
inc add xor
jz and mov jmp
mov sar dec cmp
mov cwd idiv
retn jmp push
dec dec jz
jz lea jmp
cmp jna push pop mov
add bound add
jmp or jmp or
push call test pop jz
jmp mov jmp mov lea
int3 int3 mov push mov
or jmp or jmp or
jz dec dec jz
shr mov or lea
mov shr mov or lea
push pop ret
test pop pop
mov mov jnz push
mov jmp add add add
add lea add
ret mov call push
add or add or
inc add sub
adc add and add
or add or add
call mov jmp mov lea
add or add adc
adc add and
add retn add
outsv add add
or test jz or test
add inc add mov
lea jmp push
int3 jmp jmp jmp
add add push inc
ret mov lea mov
or add or
and add mov add
add and call mov
add and call
pop pop pop retn push
pop add push
xor pop call leave
sar dec cmp jna
xor pop call leave ret
mov mov cwd idiv
call test pop pop
add mov adc
push pop ret mov
add repne add
lea mov shr or
lea mov shr or mov
add add or add or
add and call mov mov
dec jnz mov and jmp
mov pop retn push
shr lea not
dec jnz mov and mov
shr lea not and
shr lea not and dec
or add xor
dec cmp jna push pop
sar dec cmp jna push
jnz lea mov shr
mov add mov add add
dec cmp jna push
call pop retn
ret push call ret
jz dec dec jz sub
dec dec jz sub
call leave ret mov push
add pop ret mov push
add nop add
add adc add and add
push call test pop pop
add ja add
call add pop ret mov
add add push inc add
mov jmp jmp
add adc adc
add adc add and
inc jmp inc
inc add inc inc add
cmp jnz lea mov shr
pop test pop
call pop cmp jz mov
mov or call mov
push call test jnz and
add push xor
and add sub
cmp jnz or jmp or
push inc add push
add pop ret mov
push call add ret mov
mov and and or jnz
and and or jnz
int3 push call pop
jz outsv outsb
mov mov mov cwd
adc add adc
mov leave retn
mov jnz test jnz
call add ret mov
sub jz dec dec
pop add and
mov jmp xor test
add aam add
add add add imul
pop xor pop call leave
add push add push add
call test pop jnz
jz cmp jnz or jmp
add mov add inc
inc add inc add mov
jna add add
pop test jz inc
jz mov push call mov
jnz and cmp jz
int3 mov push mov push
mov sar dec cmp jna
pop xor pop call
dec inc add
call mov call ret push
add cmp jz mov and
ret push call ret push
cmp pop mov
call ret mov push mov
cmp jnz or jz
sub jz dec dec jz
jnz or jz
add jg add
pop ret mov call
call pop ret mov and
mov mov jmp and
pop add inc
jnz or jmp or jmp
int3 push call pop ret
add or lea
jmp or jmp or jmp
call mov pop retn
pop mov leave ret
test jnz and cmp
mov mov imul add
mov add sub mov add
inc add mov inc add
lea shl mov
mov mov and and or
jmp push call pop cmp
shr mov lea not
mov pop retn push mov
jnz mov mov shr mov
add xor add pop
mov ret mov push
pop cmp jz mov add
cmp jmp cmp jz
jnz mov and jmp lea
mov pop pop retn mov
ret mov jmp mov push
neg sbb pop
lea mov shr mov or
sbb add and
mov mov sar dec
push inc add add
add sub mov add
lea lea mov shr or
jnz lea mov shr mov
shr mov or lea mov
test jz inc mov
jnz call push push push
add add jnc add
lea lea mov shr
and jmp lea shr
mov and jmp lea shr
jnc cmp jnz mov mov
add and add pop
jmp lea shr
mov inc add add
cmp jz mov and xor
mov inc add inc add
ja call mov cmp jz
add add add xchg
jz mov and xor
add jnz add
cmp ja call mov cmp
ja call mov cmp
mov inc add inc
xor add push
jmp mov jmp add
jng push push call
push push call test pop
inc add mov inc
mov mov and test
add imul mov
xor add dec
jp add add
jnz test jnz push push
mov and leave ret
add add add add imul
mov and leave
ret int3 jmp
jl mov push
mov cmp jnc cmp
cmp jng push push call
cmp jnz mov mov inc
dec add cmp
cmp jnz call push push
inc add xor add
jz mov and leave ret
jz mov and leave
push call test pop jnz
cmp add push
cmp jnc sub mov
pop pop add add
add jns add
jng push push call pop
jnc add add add
jnc sub mov
inc xor add
ret mov jmp mov jmp
call test jnz xor jmp
add add mov inc
cmp jnz mov cmp mov
jc pop pop ret mov
call pop pop retn
pop jnz push
sub mov test mov
sar lea mov and
mov sar lea mov and
mov call int3
push call mov pop retn
mov shr lea not and
mov shr lea not
cmp mov jnz test
cmp jc cmp jnz
add sub add add add
pop add retn
mov pop add
ret mov jmp push call
cmp jl call
cmp add inc
mov imul lea mov mov
