int3 int3 int3
int3 int3 int3 int3
int3 int3 int3 int3 int3
pop retn add add add
pop retn add
pop retn add add
mov mov cmp jz jmp
mov push mov mov cmp
call add mov mov pop
mov pop retn
add mov mov pop
mov mov pop retn
push mov mov cmp jz
mov cmp jz jmp
retn add add add add
retn add add add
retn add add
push mov mov cmp
jz jmp push
push call push call add
call push call add
add add outsb
mov mov push call add
mov push call add
cmp jz jmp mov
jz jmp mov
jmp mov mov push
and add and
add add add sbb add
add add add sbb
inc push dec
int3 int3 push
ret int3 int3
int3 int3 int3 push
ret int3 int3 int3
int3 int3 push mov
int3 int3 int3 int3 push
int3 push mov
jz inc add
ret int3 int3 int3 int3
int3 int3 int3 push mov
add dec inc
jz push add
add add pop add add
add add add pop add
add add and add add
add add add add call
dec inc push
add add add call
add add add add pop
mov mov jmp
add add call
push call mov push push
call mov push push
jmp push call
jmp mov add mov
xor xor xor xor
call push call mov push
lea push push call push
pop ret int3
pop ret int3 int3 int3
pop ret int3 int3
lea push push call
jmp int3 int3
mov add mov mov jmp
retn int3 int3 int3
retn int3 int3
add mov mov jmp
retn int3 int3 int3 int3
mov mov jmp mov
mov sub mov mov mov
mov mov mov push
jmp int3 int3 int3
add add sub add
push mov push call
call mov push push push
push mov sub mov mov
push mov sub mov
int3 int3 mov
push lea push call
mov mov mov mov push
push mov push call mov
push push lea push
pop retn int3 int3 int3
pop retn int3
pop retn int3 int3
push push mov push mov
mov add jmp mov
mov push call mov mov
mov push push call push
push call mov lea
mov push push push mov
lea mov mov lea mov
mov mov lea mov mov
mov lea mov mov lea
pop pop ret
pop xor xor
test jz mov
mov mov mov push push
add ror xor
lea push lea
lea push lea push
lea push call mov
call mov lea push
mov mov lea push
mov mov push push call
mov push mov push call
mov sub push
call add mov mov mov
mov push add
push mov mov mov mov
mov pop ret
mov push mov mov mov
push lea push call mov
push mov sub push
mov sub push push
call mov push push call
mov cmp jnc
push lea push lea push
push push call pop pop
add mov mov cmp
push lea push lea
push mov mov push
push push push lea push
jmp mov pop
call push push call
push call pop pop ret
mov movsx test
call pop pop ret
mov cmp jnl
add mov mov movsx
mov mov sub mov mov
lea push call add
mov mov mov mov pop
push push push lea
mov cmp jnl mov
mov mov mov pop
mov add cmp jnz
mov cmp jnc mov
mov add mov jmp
push call add jmp
mov sub mov mov sub
add cmp jnz mov
call add jmp
add movsx mov mov add
push push lea push call
jz mov mov add
cmp jnl mov
mov mov mov add cmp
add mov jmp
call mov pop
sub mov jmp
mov sub mov jmp
mov mov add cmp
movsx mov mov add
push mov sub push push
jnz jmp push
push push push push lea
push call push push push
test jz mov mov
cmp jnc mov
call mov cmp jnz
push call mov cmp jnz
mov lea push call
mov mov mov lea push
push push call add
mov xor mov mov mov
cmp jnz jmp
mov mov mov mov movzx
mov jmp call
add add adc add
mov mov lea push call
mov jmp call mov
jmp mov jmp
mov jmp push
mov sub push push push
ret xor ret
mov mov mov movzx
lea push lea push call
mov push mov push mov
add sub add add
pop mov pop
pop pop mov pop
add inc inc
pop lea push
call lea push
mov mov call mov mov
lea jmp mov
push call push push call
mov push mov sub
jnz push call
cmp jnz push call
test jz push push push
push call lea push
add add add adc add
push call lea push push
call lea push push
push lea push push
sub push push push mov
inc add mov
mov mov lea push push
add add add adc
pop ret xor
push call mov mov lea
push push push call add
call cmp jnz push call
push push lea push lea
lea push push lea push
call mov mov lea push
call pop call
push call pop call
inc dec inc
mov call cmp
jnz push call pop
pop ret mov
call mov mov lea
push inc add
mov call cmp jnz push
push call jmp
cmp jnz push call pop
lea push push lea
push call pop or
call pop or
pop pop inc
mov call cmp jnz
mov push push call pop
push push call add mov
pop pop ret mov
inc inc push
pop inc pop
mov mov mov mov call
jmp jmp push
mov call mov mov mov
add add add add adc
add push inc
inc inc add
jmp push push call
inc add push
call cmp jnz push
pop ret mov push
ret mov push
pop pop ret xor
cmp jnz inc
lea push call push
call lea push push call
mov cmp jz cmp
int3 int3 push mov push
cmp jnz inc mov
int3 push mov push
cmp jnz cmp
call test jz push
jnz inc mov
mov mov cmp jz cmp
mov test jz push push
inc mov mov
mov push call pop
push call test jz push
ret push push
pop pop pop mov pop
test jnz mov
jnz cmp jnz
lea push mov
xor pop mov
cmp jnz cmp jnz
add inc add mov
mov mov cmp jnz
push call add test
call add test
jz push push call
push pop push
call test jz push push
jmp cmp jna
mov mov mov push call
add cmp jc
call mov test
mov mov push push push
cmp jc pop
add add imul
lea push push push
call pop ret
push push push mov xor
and add push
mov cmp mov
mov add dec
mov push mov push push
push push mov xor
lea push call test
mov mov mov cmp
mov cmp jz mov
and push call
jnz mov jmp
call mov mov push
pop pop pop retn
add push push call
pop pop push
mov mov mov shr
add test jz
jz push call
push push xor
mov imul xor
call add test jz
push call add test jz
lea push push mov
jz cmp jnz cmp
push dec push
sub add cmp
push mov call mov
adc add inc
jz add mov
push call mov push call
ret mov mov
cmp jz mov mov
dec push push
add and add xor
xor add cmp
cmp jz cmp jnz cmp
push lea push push push
call add cmp
jmp push lea push
jmp push lea
inc inc dec
xor add and
mov jmp push lea
mov jmp push lea push
pop add pop
jnz mov mov mov
jnz mov mov mov mov
push inc inc
push push inc
call pop pop mov
pop ret push
push push call call
mov mov mov cmp jnz
push call call mov
push call mov test
push add push
mov push mov test jnz
mov push mov test
push mov push mov test
pop pop pop pop retn
jz cmp jnz push push
call add ret
call test jz cmp jnz
mov push push mov push
mov cmp jz cmp jnz
inc mov jmp
call push push call add
push pop push push
test jz movzx
jmp push pop
jo add sbb add
add jo add sbb
jo add sbb add add
add jo add sbb add
add add jo add sbb
mov cmp jnz inc
mov mov push mov push
jo add sbb
mov ret mov mov
push pop push push push
test add add add
mov cmp jz mov mov
test jz cmp jnz push
add add add add clc
add add add clc
push call mov pop
call mov push call mov
test jnz xor jmp
push push mov call mov
mov jnz mov
mov push lea push
mov ret mov
test jz push call
call add push
test jz call
add push call
call add push call
push mov test jnz
push lea push call add
test jnz mov mov
mov xor mov push
cmp jl mov
call mov test jz
test add add
cmp jmp cmp
pop pop leave
call mov pop pop
push push call mov cmp
push push mov xor mov
mov push xor
jz mov mov mov
push lea push mov
push lea push push call
jmp mov mov mov
cmp jz mov mov mov
mov mov mov jmp
jz mov test jz push
mov mov cmp jz mov
push mov xor mov
lea push push push call
mov mov push mov movsd
xor mov push mov movsd
add xor mov push
mov add mov mov push
add mov mov push
sub mov push mov movsd
and mov push mov movsd
add and mov push mov
add mov push mov movsd
sub mov push mov
add lea mov push
add add mov push
and mov push mov
lea mov push mov
mov add and mov push
add and mov push
add mov push mov
test mov push mov movsd
test mov push mov
test mov push
or mov push mov
or mov push mov movsd
or mov push
mov movsd pop xor xor
movsd pop xor xor
mov movsd pop mov xor
movsd pop mov xor
pop xor xor
add sbb mov or
movsd pop xor xor mov
pop xor xor mov
pop xor xor mov add
mov add sbb mov or
movsd pop mov xor mov
pop mov xor mov add
add or lea xor
or sbb xor
mov movsd pop lea xor
pop lea xor
movsd pop lea xor
add or lea xor mov
movzx xor mov add add
xchg xor mov add
mov movsd pop add xor
movsd pop add xor
rcl mov or
ror xor mov add ror
add and lea xor
add mov lea xor
mov movsd pop sub xor
movsd pop sub xor
or sbb xor mov add
or sbb xor mov
mov or movzx xor
pop lea xor mov add
movsd pop lea xor mov
pop lea xor mov
add and lea xor mov
add mov lea xor mov
movsx mov add movsx xor
mov add or lea xor
sub movzx xor mov add
sub movzx xor mov
pop mov xor mov
rol mov mov
xadd mov mov
add sar mov add
lea xor mov add movzx
add shrd xor
pop add xor
mov or movsx xor mov
add add test xor
pop sub xor
shrd mov mov
movzx xor mov add mov
movsx xor mov add or
mov or movzx xor mov
movsd pop sub xor mov
pop sub xor mov add
add add movzx
pop sub xor mov
movsd pop add xor mov
add movzx mov mov stosd
add add mov xor
add ror mov add
mov mov add and xor
add shld mov add
xadd xor mov add xadd
mov add sar mov add
sbb mov mov stosd
add movsx mov mov stosd
add rol xor
mov add ror mov add
mov add mov lea xor
add add test xor mov
mov add and lea xor
mov add add lea xor
add xchg mov
mov or rcl
add mov add lea xor
mov or sbb
add shr xor
add shrd xor mov
movsx xor mov add sub
mov add shld xor
movsx xor mov add add
add shrd xor mov add
add imul xor
sub mov mov or
movsx xor mov add and
mov movsd pop test xor
movsd pop test xor
pop test xor
movsx xor mov add mov
add add mov xor mov
and xor mov add movzx
movzx xor mov add or
movsx xor mov add test
add test movzx
mov add shld mov add
mov rcl xor mov
mov rcl xor mov add
add movsx add
mov shl xor mov
mov shl xor mov add
mov add add test xor
add shr mov add
pop add xor mov add
pop add xor mov
add xor lea xor
xor lea mov add
test movzx xor
add shld mov mov
shl mov or
add xor lea xor mov
add xadd xor
add sub movsx
mov mov or and
mov add xchg mov
mov mov add or xor
and sub mov add
add and movzx
movzx lea xor
xor xor mov add movzx
mov add movsx add
mov add shld xor mov
mov add sub movzx
xor xor mov add movsx
add sub mov mov or
movzx lea xor mov add
add xor add mov add
movzx lea xor mov
add test lea xor
add xor mov xor
mov add and movzx
mov add shld mov mov
add rol xor mov
mov add add movzx
mov add shrd xor
add sub add xor
test movzx xor mov add
test movzx xor mov
test mov mov or
add test lea xor mov
or xor mov add movsx
add test movsx
xor add mov add add
movzx xor mov add and
add xor movsx
mov add sub movsx
or rcl xor
add xor sub xor
test xor mov add movsx
sbb mov add sbb
add ror xor
add xor lea mov add
xor lea mov add lea
add and mov mov or
add neg mov add
mov add add mov xor
movsd pop test xor mov
pop test xor mov
pop test xor mov add
add and sub xor
mov add test movsx
lea mov add mov xor
shl mov add shl
add xadd mov add
mov add test movzx
add test and xor
lea xor mov add movsx
mov add shr mov add
add mov and xor
lea mov add add xor
add test sub xor
add add movsx
add xor or xor
add imul xor mov
sub add mov add add
and sub mov add sub
add and sub mov add
mov add movzx lea
add xor add xor mov
test xor mov add movzx
mov test mov add
add and add xor mov
add movzx add
and xor mov add movsx
shr xor mov add shr
add sub add mov add
movzx xor mov add test
add shr xor mov
add and mov xor
lea mov add or xor
add sub add xor mov
add rol xor mov add
sub xor mov add movsx
mov add neg mov add
mov add rol xor
test sub mov add
or rcl xor mov add
or rcl xor mov
add xadd mov mov
mov xor mov add movzx
add mul xor
add and add xor
add xadd xor mov
mov test sub
and add mov add
add mov mov mov or
add test mov mov or
movsd pop and xor
mov movsd pop and xor
add sub mov or sub
sub xor mov add movzx
mov mov sbb xor
add mov test xor
add xor and xor
and lea mov add
mov add xor movsx
add mov and xor mov
mov add xadd mov add
add mov add or xor
add and and xor
mov test or
add add mov mov or
mov add movzx add
add sub lea xor
add rcl mov or
mov add xor mov xor
test lea mov add
add test and xor mov
mov add shrd xor mov
add imul mov add
pop or xor
mov movsd pop or xor
movsd pop or xor
add test sub xor mov
mov add xadd mov mov
or and mov add
rol xor mov add rol
and and mov add
add movzx test
and movzx xor
xor mov add xchg mov
add sub xor xor
mov add mov movzx
add xor sub xor mov
add add sub xor
add xor mov xor mov
add ror mov mov
add add and mov add
add and movsx
mov add add movsx
lea mov add xor xor
add imul xor mov add
add sar xor mov
add lea mov mov sub
add and lea mov add
add rol mov add
add or mov xor
add sbb mov mov stosd
and lea mov add lea
add and mov mov sub
or mov add mov xor
add and sub xor mov
not xor mov add not
mov add xor lea xor
add xor or xor mov
mov add movzx test
lea mov add and xor
and and mov add and
add sub xor xor mov
xor movzx xor
add not xor
add or xor xor
and mov mov sub
movsx sub xor
mov add test lea xor
add sub or xor
mov mov sbb xor mov
add ror xor mov
add sub lea xor mov
add or movsx
add add or xor
mov add rcl mov or
add neg xor
add xadd xor mov add
add test lea mov add
add and mov xor mov
mov add xadd xor
add mov test xor mov
test and mov add
add mov xor xor
mov add ror mov mov
add sar xor mov add
test movsx xor
mov add imul mov add
test lea mov add lea
sub mov add lea xor
and movzx xor mov add
and movzx xor mov
mov test add
add test sub mov add
test sub mov add sub
and add mov add add
mov add xor add xor
sub movsx xor
add not xor mov
or shl xor
add mov sub xor
add sub sub mov add
add shr xor mov add
add add sub xor mov
add test test xor
add test and mov add
mov mov rcl xor
mov add or movsx
mov add and mov xor
mov test mov add test
add mov test mov add
rcl mov add rcl
add movzx and
mov mov mov xor xor
add rol mov mov
add and add mov add
movsx xor xor
add test mov mov test
xor movzx xor mov add
xor movzx xor mov
mov add and movsx
mov add test sub xor
add movzx sub
mov add ror xor
pop or xor mov add
pop or xor mov
movsd pop or xor mov
add or and mov add
test and mov add and
add sub and xor
add movsx or
add mov add and xor
add or add xor mov
add movsx and
mov add rol xor mov
add add and xor
add ror xor mov add
add test xor xor
mov add or add xor
imul xor mov add imul
mov add shr xor
mov add sub add xor
sub mov add add xor
mov mov sub or
lea mov add sub xor
pop and xor mov add
pop and xor mov
movsd pop and xor mov
movzx add xor mov
movzx add xor mov add
lea mov mov or
mov add add sub xor
add lea mov mov or
add mov mov xor mov
or xor mov add movzx
test movsx xor mov add
test movsx xor mov
add sub sub xor
add and xor xor
pop and xor
add and and mov add
add or mov or or
sub mov add xor xor
mov add movzx and
add xor and xor mov
add and and xor mov
xor sub mov add
mov add xor and xor
mov add movsx or
movsx lea xor
push push call add
jz cmp jz
test jz push push push
test jz mov
jz push call
int3 int3 int3
cmp jz cmp jz
cmp mov jc
mov add call
push push push call add
int3 int3 int3 int3
cmp jc mov
lea push push push
mov push mov push mov
mov test jz push push
ret push mov
pop pop ret
mov mov jmp
int3 int3 int3 int3 int3
jmp cmp jnz
call cmp jz
mov push mov sub
call pop mov
pop ret push
jz cmp jz cmp
mov cmp jnz mov
push lea push push
mov lea call
jnc mov cmp
push call cmp jz
jnz push call
push call pop mov
cmp jnz cmp
jnz cmp jz
lea call pop
cmp jnc mov
cmp jz push push
jz push push push push
pop leave ret
mov jmp cmp
cmp jnz inc
pop ret mov
lea push push call
jna mov xor
pop pop pop retn
pop pop leave
cmp jz cmp jz cmp
mov cmp jz push
pop mov pop
push push call cmp jz
call test jz push
xor push push push push
test jz push call
push mov sub mov
push call push call push
jnz test jnz
jnz cmp jnz
push pop push
mov cmp jc
push call test jz push
pop pop leave ret
jmp push mov
cmp jz push call
call mov push push
jz test jz
push lea call
jnz mov test jz
call push pop
push mov call push
cmp jz push push push
cmp jz cmp jnz mov
add cmp jc
jz push call pop
call mov pop
cmp jz mov test
jmp push push push call
ret push push
mov mov mov cmp
jz cmp jz cmp jz
push call jmp
mov jmp mov mov
mov test jz mov
call test jz push push
ret mov push
mov call push push
jmp cmp jz cmp
push call push push push
jnz test jnz push push
jnz mov test jz push
cmp jmp cmp jz cmp
push call cmp mov
call cmp mov jnz test
jmp push call
pop retn jmp
inc cmp jc
and cmp jz mov test
xor jmp mov
jnz mov jmp
call lea mov
cmp jz mov test jz
test jz test
jz cmp jnz mov test
mov push mov test jnz
test jnz and
push push call cmp mov
cmp jnz mov test
mov jnz test jnz
mov test jnz cmp
cmp mov jnz test jnz
lea push push push push
push push call pop pop
test jnz cmp jz
pop pop pop pop retn
cmp jmp cmp
call cmp mov jnz
push xor push
cmp jnz mov test jz
mov cmp jz push push
jz mov test jz push
mov jnz test
jmp push mov push
push call cmp mov jnz
pop pop pop ret
pop pop pop leave
pop add ret
jnz and cmp
mov push mov test
call test jnz xor jmp
cmp jmp cmp jz
jnz test jnz push
cmp mov jnz test
jnz and cmp jz mov
test jnz and cmp jz
test jnz mov
mov cmp jz mov
push push lea push
push mov push mov test
push call test jnz xor
test jnz xor jmp
mov mov cmp jnz
push mov test jnz
call mov mov pop pop
test jnz xor jmp push
inc inc inc
jnz xor jmp push
jnz cmp jz mov
test jnz push push push
jz cmp jnz push push
jnz and cmp jz
push call mov mov pop
xor jmp push push push
call add cmp
test jnz and cmp
push push call mov cmp
call test jz cmp jnz
push call mov pop
call test jnz xor
jmp cmp jz cmp jnz
pop ret push mov
mov cmp jz cmp
call mov cmp jz push
call mov mov pop
cmp jnz call
call push mov push push
test jz cmp jnz push
jnz xor jmp push push
mov sub push
call cmp jz mov
test jz mov mov
inc add cmp
lea xor push
push call mov push push
xor jmp mov mov
call push mov push
push call cmp jz mov
cmp jnc mov cmp
push push xor
add ret add
mov jmp push
add cmp jnc
mov call lea mov
mov shl add
push push call call
sub ret mov
retn add add add
xor mov call
jmp mov mov add
inc pop mov
mov pop ret
sub mov sub
retn add add
add cmp jc mov
call xor jmp
mov call push push push
sub add cmp
retn add add add add
lea call cmp
jz push push call
mov mov test jz
mov lea lea mov
inc mov lea
push mov call push push
add cmp jnc mov
test jnz cmp jz mov
push call mov cmp jz
cmp jnz cmp jnz
dec cmp jc
call pop add
jnz push call pop
add cmp jz
jz mov cmp
push call xor
call xor jmp mov
lea call cmp mov
jz mov xor
call add test
push lea push push push
mov jmp cmp jnz
cmp jc cmp
push pop lea
leave ret push
mov inc cmp jc
call pop pop pop
sub mov jmp
push lea call pop
dec jnz mov
jmp mov mov mov
add jmp add
inc cmp jnz
jnz mov cmp
mov sub mov jmp
add mov inc cmp
jz mov jmp
xor xor cmp
push call add cmp
call pop ret
mov mov push push push
pop pop ret push
push call add test
call push push call
jmp mov jmp
inc mov mov
push push call add mov
lea push push push call
mov cmp mov
add test jz
cmp jz test
cmp jnz mov jmp
mov mov jmp mov
push push lea push push
ret push mov push
jz mov and
cmp jnz push call
push mov sub push
call pop mov mov
push push call push mov
push mov call mov
mov sub push push
push pop mov
call lea push
push call pop ret
ret push mov sub
mov mov mov jmp
mov xor push
cmp jz mov mov
jz test jnz
call mov push push call
call mov add
push push call add cmp
mov mov mov pop
add cmp jnz push
mov mov dec
mov mov mov push
call mov test
push push call xor
jmp cmp jnz mov
push xor push push
pop push call
cmp jnz mov cmp
call pop cmp
jnz call mov
cmp jnz xor
push mov push call
xor cmp jnz
push push xor push
mov xor cmp
mov inc inc
mov add cmp jnz
jnz or jmp
lea push lea
call pop push
pop pop ret mov
call add cmp jz
call mov jmp
call push call push call
movzx xor xor
jnc mov mov
push call push push call
test jnz push call
xor push mov
push push mov call mov
jnz call push
mov push call pop
pop ret mov push
mov call add
add add jz
test mov jz
push lea push push call
push call mov add
mov cmp jz cmp jz
push call pop cmp
inc inc push
mov push push xor
mov push mov push push
call add jmp
cmp mov mov
jmp mov cmp
call mov push push push
inc inc cmp
jnz mov mov mov
push push mov push push
push push push lea
cmp jnz lea
cmp jnz or
call test jz mov
mov jz mov
ret mov mov
pop ret push push
cmp jz test jz
ret push call
pop jmp mov
mov jmp xor
cmp jz inc
push mov sub push push
sub mov mov push
push push call add test
call add pop
inc cmp jz
leave ret push mov
jz mov inc
push push mov call push
jnz mov push
imul add add
push call lea push
xor mov inc
jz mov push push
jmp mov push
call xor mov
add mov jmp
jz mov mov mov
mov ret mov
call push call pop
sub mov mov push push
lea lea push
pop cmp jz
mov mov mov shr
push push inc
mov push push call push
lea push mov
mov xor push push
mov pop mov
lea push lea push
mov push call add
pop mov cmp
mov jnz mov
mov mov mov pop pop
pop add pop
test jz or
or jmp mov
ret push mov push push
jc mov mov
push mov push push xor
cmp jnz call push
lea push call mov
cmp jz mov push
push call test jz mov
add push call
call pop call
mov mov cmp jnz mov
push xor cmp
push mov push push call
add cmp jz mov
push lea push call
push call add cmp jz
jnz lea push
push call add jmp
mov call mov push
inc inc inc inc
mov lea mov mov mov
mov mov inc mov
call pop jmp
cmp jnz cmp jz
mov call pop
mov mov mov cmp jnz
push push add
jnz push mov
mov jmp cmp jnz mov
call push push push call
mov jmp mov mov mov
lea mov mov mov mov
or add nop add add
add or add nop add
add or add nop
add add or add nop
or add nop add
or add nop
rol add add inc add
sub add and add inc
add sub add and add
add and add inc add
and add inc add add
sub add and add
popa jmp add add
popa jmp add add add
and add inc add
jmp call popa jmp add
popa jmp add
call popa jmp add
call popa jmp add add
inc add add add push
add and add inc
add sub add and
and add inc
add rol add add inc
rol add add inc
sub add and
nop add add add add
add add add hlt add
add add hlt add
add add hlt
add add add hlt
add add add nop add
add ret add
add add nop add
add add add nop
add sub add add add
add add nop
add sub add add
inc inc dec
inc inc inc
inc inc mov
inc mov jmp
inc mov dec
inc mov cmp
inc jmp inc
inc inc push
inc mov lea
inc inc inc inc
inc mov add
inc pop mov
inc mov mov
int3 int3 int3 int3 int3
int3 push mov push
int3 push mov
int3 int3 push mov push
int3 int3 push mov
int3 int3 push
int3 int3 mov
int3 int3 int3 push mov
int3 int3 int3 push
int3 int3 int3 int3 push
int3 int3 int3 int3
inc mov mov mov
int3 int3 int3
insb insb outsv
inc xor jz sar mov
inc xor jz sar
inc push push
inc push dec
inc inc add
inc mov test
inc mov or
inc inc cmp
inc cmp jnz
inc dec inc
cmp mov jnz test jnz
dec jnz pop
dec jnz mov
dec jnz jmp mov
dec inc push
dec cmp jc
dec add jnz mov sub
dec add jnz mov
dec add jnz
cmp push push
cmp mov mov
cmp mov jnz test
dec mov mov
cmp mov jc
cmp jz xor
cmp jz test jz
cmp jz test jnz
cmp jz test
cmp jz sub
cmp jz push push push
cmp jz push push lea
cmp jz push push call
cmp jz push push
dec jnz push
dec push push
inc cmp mov
imul add mov
inc cmp jz
jc add add add jnc
inc cmp jc
inc add push
inc add mov
inc add inc add
inc add cmp
imul xor mov add imul
imul mov add imul
imul lea mov
imul add add
enter add add
fs add inc add xlat
fs add inc add
fdivrl add loopne add add
fdivrl add loopne add
fdivrl add loopne
faddl add add add add
faddl add add add
faddl add add
enter add add add add
enter add add add
ja mov mov
xor xor xor xor
jc add jnz
jmp push lea push
jmp xor jmp
jmp push push push call
jmp push push mov
jmp push push call mov
jmp push push call
jmp push pop
jmp push mov push
jmp push mov
jmp push lea push push
jmp push lea
jmp xor pop
jmp push call pop
jmp push call
jmp pop pop
jmp or inc
jmp mov xor
jmp mov sub
jmp mov push call
jmp mov push
jmp mov pop
jmp xor mov
jmp xor pop pop
jc cmp ja
jnl mov mov
jnz cmp jc
jnz call push
jnz call mov
jnz and jz
jnz and cmp jz mov
jnz and cmp jz
jnz and cmp
jnz add mov
jnl mov push
jng mov mov
jmp xor pop pop pop
jnc mov mov
jnc mov cmp
jnc add add add push
jnc add add add jnc
jna mov xor
jna mov mov
jmp xor sub jc shl
jmp xor sub jc
jmp xor sub
jmp mov mov push
jmp mov mov mov mov
jmp mov mov mov
jmp add mov
jmp cmp jnz mov jmp
jmp cmp jnz mov
jmp cmp jnz cmp jnz
jmp cmp jnz cmp
jmp cmp jnz
jmp cmp jna
jmp call popa jmp fs
jmp call mov lea mov
jmp call mov lea
jmp add jnz mov sub
jmp mov mov cmp
jmp add jnz mov
jmp add jnz
jl push call
jc mov mov
cmp jz push call
jc dec add jnz mov
jc dec add jnz
jc dec add
jc cmp jna
jmp cmp jnz mov mov
jmp cmp jz cmp
jmp cmp jz cmp jnz
jmp cmp jz mov
jmp mov mov add
jmp mov lea mov
jmp mov lea
jmp mov jmp mov jmp
jmp mov jmp mov
jmp mov jmp
jmp mov inc
jmp mov cmp
jmp mov and
jmp mov add mov
jmp lea push push
jmp lea push
jmp lea mov
jmp jmp push
jmp int3 int3 int3
jmp int3 int3
jmp fs add inc add
jmp fs add inc
jmp fs add
cmp jz push mov
cmp jz mov cmp jnz
cmp jz or
call push pop
call push mov push
call push mov mov
call push mov call push
call push mov call
call push lea push push
call push lea push
call push lea
call push call push call
call push call pop pop
call push call pop
call push call mov push
call push call add
call popa jmp fs add
call popa jmp fs
call pop xor
call pop test
call pop ret
call pop push push push
call pop push push
call pop push
call pop popa lea push
call push mov push push
call push push call
cmp jz mov test jz
call push push call add
call xor push
call xor pop pop pop
call xor pop pop
call xor mov
call xor jmp mov
call xor jmp
call test mov
call test jz push push
call test jz push
call test jz mov mov
call test jz mov
call test jz cmp jnz
call test jnz xor jmp
call test jnz xor
call test jnz push
call test jnz mov
call test jnz call
call ret jmp
call push push push call
call push push mov call
call push push mov
call pop popa lea
call pop popa
call pop pop ret
call pop pop pop pop
call mov mov pop
call mov mov lea push
call mov mov lea
call mov mov cmp
call mov lea push
call mov lea mov push
call mov lea mov
call mov jmp xor
call mov jmp
call mov cmp jz push
call mov cmp jz mov
call mov cmp jnz
call mov call push push
call mov call push
call mov call mov call
call mov call mov
call mov add mov
call mov add cmp
call mov add
call lea push push call
call lea push push
call mov mov pop pop
call mov mov push
call mov mov test
call pop add
call pop pop pop
call pop pop mov
call pop or
call pop mov mov mov
call pop mov mov
call pop mov
call pop jmp
call pop cmp
call pop call
call mov xor
call mov pop
call mov test jz
call mov test jnz
call mov test
call mov push push push
call mov push push call
call mov push push
call mov push mov
call mov push call mov
call mov pop pop
call xor push push
call xor push push push
clc add add cmp
cmp jnz mov cmp jz
cmp jz call
cmp jnz xor mov
cmp jnz xor jmp
cmp jnz xor
cmp jnz test
cmp jnz sub jmp
cmp jnz sub
cmp jnz push push call
cmp jnz push mov call
cmp jnz push mov
cmp jnz push call pop
cmp jnz push call
cmp jnz or
cmp jnz mov test jz
cmp jnz mov test
cmp jnz mov push push
cmp jnz mov push
cmp jnz mov or
cmp jnz mov mov cmp
cmp jnz mov jmp mov
cmp jnz mov jmp cmp
cmp jz cmp jnz cmp
cmp jz cmp jnz mov
cmp jz cmp jnz push
jnz cmp jnz mov
cmp jz mov test
cmp jz mov push push
cmp jz mov push
cmp jz mov mov mov
cmp jz mov mov
cmp jz mov lea
cmp jz mov jmp mov
cmp jz mov jmp
cmp jz mov cmp jz
cmp jz mov cmp
cmp jz cmp jz
cmp jz lea push
cmp jz lea mov
cmp jz lea cmp
cmp jz lea
cmp jz jmp mov
cmp jz inc
cmp jz cmp jz push
cmp jz cmp jz mov
cmp jz cmp jz cmp
cmp jnz mov jmp
cmp jnz mov cmp jnz
clc add add cmp add
cmp jnz mov cmp
cmp jnc cmp
cmp jna mov mov
cmp jna lea
cmp jmp cmp jz cmp
cmp jmp cmp jz
cmp jmp cmp
cmp jl push call
cmp jl push
cmp jl mov
cmp jl cmp
cmp jg mov
cmp jc xor
cmp jc push
cmp jc pop
cmp jc mov mov
cmp jc mov
cmp jc jmp
cmp jc cmp
cmp jc add
cmp ja push
cmp ja mov
cmp jnc mov
cmp jnc mov cmp
cmp jnc mov mov
cmp jnz cmp jnz mov
cmp jnz lea push push
cmp jnz lea push
cmp jnz lea
cmp jnz jmp
jnc add add add jnc
xlat inc add add
jc add add add jnc
add add add movsb jc
add add add salc jc
movsb jc add
add xlat inc add add
xlat inc add add add
salc jc add
salc jc add jc
salc jc add jc add
add add salc jc add
movsb jc add add add
add movsb jc add add
add movsb jc add
add add salc jc
add movsb jc
fs add inc add
add add movsb jc add
add add movsb jc
movsb jc add add
fs add inc add xlat
jnc add add add push
add inc add xlat
add salc jc add jc
add salc jc add
add salc jc
add inc add xlat inc
lock and add
add add rol add and
add lock and add
add fdivrl add
add lock and add add
mov inc add adc add
pop add sldt push sldt
add add pop add sldt
and add fdivrl add
add loopne add faddl
add loopne add faddl add
add mov inc add adc
fdivrl add loopne
fdivrl add loopne add add
add clc add add cmp
pop add sldt push
and add fdivrl
and add fdivrl add loopne
add add test add les
loopne add faddl add
clc add add cmp
lock and add add
lock and add add add
add and add hlt add
add and add hlt
add and add fdivrl add
add and add fdivrl
loopne add faddl
loopne add faddl add add
clc add add cmp add
test add les add add
test add les add
test add les
and add hlt add add
and add hlt add
add fdivrl add loopne add
add fdivrl add loopne
and add hlt
fdivrl add loopne add
pop add sldt
add add and add fdivrl
add add loopne add faddl
add add lock and
add test add les add
add test add les
rol add and add hlt
rol add and add
add add add lock and
add add lock and add
add pop add sldt
add pop add sldt push
add rol add and add
jo add sbb add add
add jo add sbb add
jo add sbb add
add lock and
add add jo add sbb
add jo add sbb
add add add clc add
jo add sbb
mov inc add adc
add rol add and
faddl add add add add
add add mov inc add
add faddl add add add
add add add mov inc
loopne add add add add
rol add and
add faddl add
add faddl add add
add add clc add
add add clc add add
faddl add add add
faddl add add
add add add clc
loopne add add add
add add add add clc
add loopne add add add
loopne add add
add loopne add add
pop add add add mov
popa jmp fs
popa jmp fs add inc
popa jmp fs add
call popa jmp fs
jmp call popa jmp fs
call popa jmp fs add
and add add add mov
jmp fs add
jmp fs add inc
jmp fs add inc add
mov add add add lock
mov add add pop add
add mov add add pop
mov add add pop
add inc add mov
add add sbb add add
add add add hlt add
add add hlt add
add add add sbb add
add add add hlt
add add hlt
add add and add add
add add add sbb
inc add mov
dec add jnz mov sub
sub adc jc dec
sub adc jc dec add
jmp xor sub jc shl
jz sar mov jmp add
dec add jnz mov
mov sub adc adc jmp
inc xor jz sar mov
jmp xor sub jc
dec add jnz
jmp add jnz mov sub
mov inc xor jz sar
mov jmp add jnz
mov jmp add jnz mov
inc xor jz sar
sar mov jmp add jnz
sar mov jmp add
jc dec add jnz
jz sar mov jmp
sub adc adc jmp xor
jc dec add jnz mov
jz sar mov
mov sub adc jc dec
sub adc adc jmp
adc adc jmp
adc jmp xor
adc jc dec
xor jz sar
or inc add
adc jmp xor sub jc
adc jmp xor sub
xor jz sar mov jmp
adc jc dec add jnz
adc jc dec add
xor jz sar mov
adc adc jmp xor
adc adc jmp xor sub
jc dec add
jmp xor sub
jmp add jnz mov
jmp add jnz
sar mov jmp
int3 int3 int3 int3 int3
int3 int3 int3 int3
int3 int3 int3
int3 int3 int3 int3 push
int3 int3 int3 push
int3 int3 mov
int3 int3 push mov
int3 int3 push mov push
int3 push mov
int3 push mov push
ja mov mov
call pop popa lea
call pop popa
int3 int3 push
int3 int3 int3 push mov
call pop pop mov
call pop pop ret
jc add jnz
call pop pop pop pop
call pop pop pop
call pop popa lea push
jc cmp ja
jc cmp jna
call pop or
call pop mov mov mov
call pop mov mov
call pop mov
call pop jmp
call pop cmp
call pop call
jc mov mov
insb insb outsv
cmp jnz cmp jnz
call pop push
call popa jmp add
inc inc inc
inc inc dec
inc inc cmp
inc inc add
inc dec inc
inc cmp mov
inc cmp jz
call popa jmp add add
inc inc mov
call push call add
inc cmp jnz
inc cmp jc
inc add push
call push call mov push
inc add inc add
inc add cmp
inc inc inc inc
inc inc push
call pop push push
inc mov mov mov
call pop push push push
call pop ret
jl push call
inc push dec
inc pop mov
inc mov test
inc mov or
inc mov mov
inc jmp inc
inc mov lea
inc mov jmp
inc mov dec
inc mov cmp
inc mov add
call pop test
call pop xor
inc push push
jmp call mov lea mov
call pop add
jmp push call
jmp push pop
jmp push mov push
jmp push mov
jmp push lea push push
jmp push lea push
jmp push lea
jmp push call pop
jmp pop pop
jmp add mov
jmp or inc
jmp mov xor
jmp mov sub
jmp mov push call
jmp mov push
jmp mov pop
jmp mov mov push
jmp push push call
jmp push push call mov
jmp push push mov
jmp push push push call
jnz add mov
jnl mov push
jnl mov mov
jng mov mov
jnc mov mov
jnc mov cmp
call mov push mov
jna mov xor
jna mov mov
call mov push push
jmp xor pop pop pop
jmp xor pop pop
jmp xor pop
jmp xor mov
jmp xor jmp
jmp mov mov mov mov
jmp mov mov mov
jmp mov mov cmp
call mov test
jmp cmp jz cmp jnz
jmp cmp jz cmp
jmp cmp jnz mov mov
jmp cmp jnz mov jmp
jmp cmp jnz mov
jmp cmp jnz cmp jnz
jmp cmp jnz cmp
call mov test jnz
call mov test jz
jmp cmp jnz
jmp cmp jna
call mov xor
jmp call popa jmp add
call push call pop pop
jmp call mov lea
jmp cmp jz mov
call mov push push push
jmp mov mov add
call mov push push call
jmp mov lea mov
jmp mov lea
jmp mov jmp mov jmp
jmp mov jmp mov
jmp mov jmp
jmp mov inc
jmp mov cmp
jmp mov and
jmp mov add mov
jmp lea push push
jmp lea push
jmp lea mov
jmp jmp push
jmp int3 int3 int3
jmp int3 int3
call push call pop
call push lea
call push call push call
cmp jl push
cmp jnz push mov
cmp jnz push call pop
cmp jnz push call
cmp ja push
cmp jc add
cmp jc cmp
cmp jc jmp
cmp jc mov
cmp jc mov mov
cmp jc pop
cmp jc push
cmp jc xor
cmp jg mov
cmp jl cmp
cmp jl mov
cmp jnz or
cmp jnz mov test jz
cmp jnz push mov call
cmp jnz push push call
cmp jnz sub
cmp jz cmp jnz cmp
cmp jz inc
cmp jz cmp jz push
cmp jz cmp jz mov
cmp jz cmp jz cmp
cmp jz cmp jz
cmp jz cmp jnz push
cmp jz cmp jnz mov
cmp jz call
cmp jnz sub jmp
cmp jnz xor mov
call xor push push
call xor push push push
cmp ja mov
cmp jnz xor jmp
cmp jnz xor
cmp jnz test
cmp jnz mov test
cmp jl push call
call xor pop pop pop
cmp jmp cmp
cmp jnz mov cmp jz
cmp jnz mov cmp jnz
cmp jnz mov cmp
cmp jnz lea push push
cmp jnz and
cmp jnz call
cmp jnz call mov
cmp jnz call push
cmp jnz lea push
cmp jnz lea
cmp jnz cmp
cmp jnz jmp
cmp jnz inc mov
cmp jnz inc
cmp jnz cmp jz mov
cmp jnz cmp jz cmp
cmp jnz cmp jz
cmp jnz add
cmp jnl mov mov
cmp jnl mov
cmp jnz mov jmp mov
cmp jnz mov push push
cmp jmp cmp jz
cmp jmp cmp jz cmp
cmp jna lea
cmp jnz mov push
cmp jnz mov or
cmp jnz mov mov cmp
cmp jna mov mov
cmp jng push
cmp jnc cmp
cmp jnc mov
add add add add pop
adc adc jmp
sub adc adc jmp
mov sub adc adc jmp
jmp add jnz mov sub
jmp add jnz mov
jmp add jnz
or add adc
and and pop push
lea and and pop
lea and and pop push
cmp jnz sub jmp
lea push cmp jnz sub
and and pop push push
lea push cmp jnz
call pop popa
call lea and
call lea and and
call lea and and pop
call pop popa lea push
pop popa lea
pop popa lea push
pop popa lea push cmp
jnz sub jmp
push push call lea and
push push call pop popa
push cmp jnz sub jmp
push cmp jnz sub
push call pop popa lea
push call pop popa
push call lea and and
push call lea and
popa lea push cmp jnz
popa lea push cmp
popa lea push
call pop popa lea
lea push cmp
and pop push push
and pop push push push
and pop push
lea mov push push push
lea and and
mov lea mov push push
or sub add
and and pop
push push push call lea
add jmp call mov lea
call mov lea mov push
jmp call mov lea
add jmp call mov
jmp call mov lea mov
mov add jmp call mov
lea mov push push
push cmp jnz
enter add add add add
enter add add add
cmp jnz sub
enter add add
adc jc dec add
jz sar mov
adc jmp xor
adc jc dec add jnz
adc jc dec
xor jz sar
xor jz sar mov
jc dec add jnz mov
inc xor jz sar mov
jc dec add jnz
adc jmp xor sub
adc jmp xor sub jc
inc xor jz sar
sar mov jmp add
sar mov jmp add jnz
jz sar mov jmp add
jz sar mov jmp
sub adc jc dec add
mov sub adc jc dec
sub adc jc dec
sub adc adc jmp xor
dec add jnz mov sub
dec add jnz mov
xor jz sar mov jmp
dec add jnz
mov jmp add jnz
adc adc jmp xor sub
jmp xor sub jc shl
mov inc xor jz sar
mov jmp add jnz mov
adc adc jmp xor
jmp xor sub jc
jc dec add
jmp xor sub
add cbw add
add add add pop add
add add pop add add
jnz jmp mov add mov
jc add jnz
jnz jmp mov add
call mov lea mov
sar mov jmp
dec jnz jmp mov
add inc or
jmp mov add mov
or add sub
add push inc
add sub add add add
add js add
add sub add add
add add add add call
add add add call
add add call
test add add add add
add add add adc
test add add add
add add nop
add add nop add
add add add adc add
add add add nop
add add add nop add
add add adc add
add lock add
add lock add add
lock add add
test add add
js add add
sub xor add
add rcl add
adc add inc
or test add
inc push dec
add mov add inc
add add cbw
add or add and add
or add and add
add rol or
or add inc
add or add and
or add test
add shl add
mov add call
and sub add
add mov sbb
and or test
add mov add add mov
add add and add add
insb insb outsv
add add sub add
dec inc push
add dec inc
pop mov add
xchg add mov
mov jmp and
jmp mov lea mov
and shl mov
mov add jmp mov
add pop mov
push inc push push
xor mov inc
jmp mov lea
add mov jmp
inc push push
add add add add adc
jz add add
add inc inc
add push mov
imul add add
or add or
add add imul
add jmp add
add add xchg
nop add add add add
call mov add
pop add pop
inc inc add
add xchg add
and add and
add add jmp
add add add clc
add add add add clc
loopne add add add add
loopne add add add
add loopne add add add
loopne add add
add loopne add add
add add mov push
mov push add
mov or add add
add ret add
add xor add inc
xor add inc
inc add add add push
mov add add pop add
add mov add add pop
add add add clc add
add add clc add
add add clc add add
mov add add pop
add add jz
add inc mov
add add shl
add add add sbb
add imul add
inc mov add
mov add dec
or add mov add add
inc cmp mov
inc inc push
xor mov pop
cmp mov mov
add add or or add
add add add or or
and add sub
add or or add
add add or or
or add nop add add
or add nop add
add add or add nop
add or add nop add
add or add nop
or add nop
sub add and add inc
push push xor
add and add inc add
and add inc add add
or or add add add
sub add and add
and add inc add
add mov cmp
add and add inc
and add inc
or xor add
or or add add
add mov pop
or and add
add mov add add sub
sub add and
call popa jmp add add
call popa jmp add
jmp call popa jmp add
popa jmp add add add
popa jmp add add
popa jmp add
int3 int3 mov
call ret jmp
call test jnz call
int3 int3 push
cmp jnz mov jmp cmp
int3 int3 push mov
int3 int3 int3 push
int3 int3 int3 int3 push
int3 int3 int3 int3 int3
int3 int3 int3 int3
int3 int3 int3
call test jnz mov
int3 int3 int3 push mov
call push push mov call
call push push push call
call test jnz xor
int3 int3 push mov push
call push push mov
call push push call add
int3 push mov
int3 push mov push
ja mov mov
jc add add add jnc
call push push call
jc cmp ja
jc cmp jna
call push pop
call push mov push push
call test jnz push
inc mov test
call test jnz xor jmp
inc dec inc
call xor jmp
call xor jmp mov
inc inc inc
inc inc dec
inc inc cmp
call xor mov
call xor pop pop
call test jz cmp jnz
inc cmp jz
inc cmp jnz
inc cmp jc
call xor pop pop pop
call xor push
inc add push
inc inc inc inc
inc inc mov
call test mov
inc jmp inc
call test jz push push
inc mov cmp
call test jz push
call test jz mov mov
inc mov dec
inc mov jmp
inc mov lea
inc mov mov
call test jz mov
inc mov mov mov
inc mov or
call push mov mov
inc pop mov
call push mov push
call push mov call
jc mov mov
call pop pop ret
call pop pop pop
call pop pop pop pop
jmp mov jmp mov jmp
jmp mov jmp mov
jmp mov jmp
jmp mov inc
jmp mov cmp
call pop or
jmp mov and
call pop push
call pop push push
jmp lea push push
jmp lea push
call pop call
call pop pop mov
call pop mov mov mov
jl push call
jmp mov pop
jmp or inc
call pop cmp
jmp mov xor
jmp mov sub
jmp mov push call
jmp mov push
jmp mov mov push
call pop mov mov
jmp mov mov mov mov
jmp mov mov mov
jmp mov mov cmp
call pop jmp
call pop mov
jmp mov mov add
call pop push push push
call pop ret
jmp lea mov
call push call pop pop
jmp cmp jna
jmp call popa jmp fs
call popa jmp fs add
call push call add
call push call mov push
call push call pop
call push call push call
jmp jmp push
call push lea
call push lea push
jmp add mov
call push lea push push
inc add inc add
call push mov call push
call popa jmp fs
jmp cmp jnz
jmp cmp jnz cmp
jmp cmp jnz cmp jnz
jmp cmp jnz mov
jmp cmp jnz mov jmp
jmp cmp jnz mov mov
jmp cmp jz cmp
jmp cmp jz cmp jnz
jmp cmp jz mov
jmp fs add
jmp fs add inc
jmp fs add inc add
call pop xor
call pop test
jmp int3 int3
jmp int3 int3 int3
inc add mov
imul mov add imul
inc add cmp
cmp jz cmp jz cmp
cmp jz cmp jz push
cmp jz cmp jz mov
cmp jnl mov
cmp jnl mov mov
cmp jnz add
cmp jnz and
cmp jnz call
cmp jz jmp mov
cmp jnz call mov
cmp jz cmp jz
cmp jz cmp jnz push
cmp jz cmp jnz mov
cmp jz cmp jnz cmp
cmp jnz call push
cmp jz inc
cmp jz lea
call xor push push
cmp jz mov jmp
cmp jz mov push
cmp jz mov mov mov
xor add inc add add
add xor add inc add
add add xor add inc
xor add inc add
add xor add inc
xor add inc
add or or add add
or or add add add
add add or or add
add add add or or
or or add add
add or or add
add add or or
add add sub sub
xchg add add
xchg add add add add
xchg add add add
push inc add
imul add add
add dec inc
add add insb
inc inc inc
add push inc
jz add add
add add add add pop
add add add adc
add add sub add
add lock add
test add add add add
add add pop add add
test add add add
add add jz
inc inc inc inc
add add outsv
test add add
add xchg add
inc add push
add add add sbb
xor add cmp
mov dec mov
jmp mov sub
push call add push
add add add add adc
inc add cmp
call add push
add add cbw
add inc inc
inc inc add
push push dec
sub mov and
add add add pop add
jz inc add
inc mov or
add add outsb
add sub add add add
dec mov mov
add sub add add
pop mov add
xor xor add
inc add add add push
add add xchg
add add sbb add add
add add and add add
add mov dec
add sub push
add add shl
add add imul
mov mov xchg
inc mov add
inc dec inc
add add sub xor
add add add adc add
add add adc add
add add jmp
add add call
add jmp add
sub inc mov
add add add sbb add
or test add
add sub add xor
add test add mov add
test add mov add add
and add inc add add
test add mov add
and add inc add
and add inc
mov xor jmp
enter add add
mov add dec
or add inc
mov or add add
add lea test mov
push dec push
rol mov or
add add add add call
lea test mov
inc pop mov
add add add call
push push inc push
push push inc
add imul add
nop add add add add
add inc or
add cbw add
add cmp mov
pop pop add
inc inc mov
add push mov
add pop pop
add inc add inc
inc mov cmp
push push xor
mov cmp mov
or inc add
add add hlt
add add add hlt
push xor xor
sbb add push
inc add inc add
push push add
push xor cmp
add add mov inc add
add add add mov inc
inc inc push
mov mov mov pop
add add add nop
or and add
add pop mov
add add nop
push call add pop
mov sub test xor
or add and add
call add pop
jnc mov cmp
add add or xor
add and add inc add
add and add inc
add sub xor xor
mov xor push
dec inc push
inc mov jmp
inc mov lea
dec add jnz mov sub
insb insb outsv
inc mov mov
inc mov mov mov
inc xor jz sar mov
inc mov dec
inc mov test
inc push dec
int3 int3 int3
inc push push
inc xor jz sar
dec cmp jc
imul lea mov
dec jnz jmp mov
inc cmp jc
imul mov add imul
imul xor mov add imul
imul add mov
fs add inc add xlat
fs add inc add
fdivrl add loopne add add
fdivrl add loopne add
fdivrl add loopne
inc add mov
faddl add add add add
faddl add add add
faddl add add
dec jnz mov
enter add add add add
inc cmp jnz
inc cmp jz
enter add add add
inc cmp mov
dec push push
inc inc cmp
inc inc dec
dec jnz push
dec jnz pop
inc jmp inc
int3 int3 int3 int3
jmp cmp jnz cmp jnz
int3 int3 int3 int3 int3
jmp mov mov mov mov
jmp push call pop
jmp push call
jmp pop pop
jmp or inc
jmp mov xor
jmp mov push call
jmp mov push
jmp mov pop
jmp mov mov push
jmp mov mov mov
jmp push lea push
jmp mov mov cmp
jmp mov mov add
jmp mov lea mov
jmp mov lea
jmp mov jmp mov jmp
jmp mov jmp mov
jmp mov jmp
jmp mov inc
jmp mov cmp
jmp push lea
jmp push lea push push
int3 int3 int3 int3 push
jmp xor pop pop pop
jng mov mov
jnc mov mov
jnc add add add push
jnc add add add jnc
jna mov xor
jna mov mov
jmp xor sub jc shl
jmp xor sub jc
jmp xor sub
jmp xor pop pop
jmp push mov
jmp xor pop
jmp xor mov
jmp xor jmp
jmp push push push call
jmp push push mov
jmp push push call mov
jmp push push call
jmp push pop
jmp push mov push
jmp mov and
jmp mov add mov
jmp lea push push
jc add jnz
jmp add jnz mov
jmp add jnz
jl push call
jc mov mov
jc dec add jnz mov
jc dec add jnz
jc dec add
jc cmp jna
jc cmp ja
jc add add add jnc
jmp lea push
ja mov mov
int3 push mov push
int3 push mov
int3 int3 push mov push
int3 int3 push mov
int3 int3 push
int3 int3 mov
int3 int3 int3 push mov
int3 int3 int3 push
jmp add jnz mov sub
jmp add mov
jmp call mov lea
jmp call mov lea mov
jmp lea mov
jmp jmp push
jmp int3 int3 int3
jmp int3 int3
jmp fs add inc add
jmp fs add inc
jmp fs add
jmp cmp jz mov
jmp cmp jz cmp jnz
jmp cmp jz cmp
jmp cmp jnz mov mov
jmp cmp jnz mov jmp
jmp cmp jnz mov
dec add jnz
jmp cmp jnz cmp
jmp cmp jnz
jmp cmp jna
jmp call popa jmp fs
jmp call popa jmp add
dec add jnz mov
xor xor xor xor
cmp push push
cmp jl push
call test jz push
call test jz mov mov
call test jz mov
call test jz cmp jnz
call test jnz xor jmp
call test jnz xor
call test jnz push
call test jnz mov
call test jnz call
call ret jmp
call push push push call
call push push mov call
call push push mov
call push push call add
call push push call
call push pop
call push mov push push
call push mov push
call push mov mov
call push mov call push
call push mov call
call test jz push push
call test mov
call xor jmp
cmp jc add
cmp jl cmp
cmp jg mov
cmp jc xor
cmp jc push
cmp jc pop
cmp jc mov mov
cmp jc mov
cmp jc jmp
cmp jc cmp
cmp ja push
call xor jmp mov
cmp ja mov
clc add add cmp add
clc add add cmp
call xor push push push
call xor push push
call xor push
call xor pop pop pop
call xor pop pop
call xor mov
call push lea push push
call push lea push
call push lea
call mov push push push
call pop mov
call pop jmp
call pop cmp
call pop call
call pop add
call mov xor
call mov test jz
call mov test jnz
call mov test
call mov push push call
call pop mov mov mov
call mov push push
call mov push mov
call mov push call mov
call mov pop pop
call mov pop
call mov mov test
call mov mov push
call mov mov pop pop
call mov mov pop
call pop mov mov
call pop or
call push call push call
call pop test
call push call pop pop
call push call pop
call push call mov push
call push call add
call popa jmp fs add
call popa jmp fs
call popa jmp add add
call popa jmp add
call pop xor
call pop ret
call pop pop mov
call pop push push push
call pop push push
call pop push
call pop popa lea push
call pop popa lea
call pop popa
call pop pop ret
call pop pop pop pop
call pop pop pop
cmp jl mov
cmp jl push call
cmp mov mov
cmp jmp cmp
cmp jz mov cmp jz
cmp jz mov cmp jnz
cmp jz mov cmp
cmp jz lea push
cmp jz lea mov
cmp jz lea cmp
cmp jz lea
cmp jz jmp mov
cmp jz cmp jz push
cmp jz cmp jz mov
cmp jz cmp jz cmp
cmp jz cmp jz
cmp jz cmp jnz push
cmp jz cmp jnz mov
cmp jz cmp jnz cmp
cmp jz call
cmp jnz xor mov
cmp jnz xor jmp
cmp jnz xor
cmp jnz test
cmp jnz sub jmp
cmp jz mov jmp
cmp jz mov jmp mov
push push add
add add adc add
add add add add adc
add add add adc add
add add add adc
test add add add add
test add add add
add add sbb add add
add or add and add
add cbw add
or add and add
add add cbw
test add add
add add add add call
add add add call
add or add and
add rol or
add add add sbb add
lock add add
add lock add add
add add add sbb
and add push
add add call
inc add inc add
or inc add
add lock add
jmp or inc
sbb add push
push inc add
add add shl
add add and add add
add shl add
push add push
push add push push
mov push add
inc push dec
add sub push
add add jz
test jz push push push
jmp mov inc
faddl add add add add
faddl add add add
faddl add add
add add and xor
jz imul add
add xchg add
insb insb outsv
add mov dec
mov push mov push mov
mov test jz push push
inc inc push
push push jmp
push push inc push
push push inc
add sub add add
imul add add
add sub add add add
mov inc inc
call cmp mov jnz test
jnz mov test jz push
jnz test jnz push push
pop retn jmp
cmp jmp cmp jz cmp
and cmp jz mov test
mov push mov test jnz
jz cmp jnz mov test
cmp mov jnz test jnz
add add imul
push inc push push
mov jnz test jnz
jnz and cmp jz mov
test jnz and cmp jz
call test jnz xor jmp
cmp jmp cmp jz
dec inc push
cmp mov jnz test
test jnz xor jmp push
call mov mov pop pop
loopne add add add add
dec push push
add loopne add add add
loopne add add add
cmp jmp cmp
jnz and cmp jz
push mov push mov test
loopne add add
add loopne add add
push call test jnz xor
pop pop pop pop retn
test jnz xor jmp
mov push mov test
mov jnz test
test jnz and cmp
push mov test jnz
push call cmp mov jnz
jz cmp jnz push push
push call mov mov pop
pop pop pop retn
jnz and cmp
call test jnz xor
jnz test jnz push
call cmp mov jnz
call test jz cmp jnz
test jnz and
jmp cmp jz cmp jnz
jz mov test jz push
push push call cmp mov
push call cmp mov
jz add add
jnz xor jmp push push
mov test jnz cmp
call mov mov pop
cmp jnz mov test jz
cmp jz mov test jz
inc push push
cmp jnz mov test
call test jz push push
cmp jz mov test
test jz cmp jnz push
jnz xor jmp push
cmp jz cmp jnz mov
jmp cmp jz cmp
jnz test jnz
jmp push push push call
push call test jz push
xor jmp push push push
call test jz push
jnz mov test jz
test jnz push push push
or add adc
or add inc
add pop pop
inc pop mov
cmp jnc mov cmp
cmp jc pop
push jmp push
add cmp jnc mov
pop pop inc
jnc mov cmp
mov push pop
test jnz cmp jz mov
inc dec inc
push dec push
inc add cmp
add cmp jnc
jnz cmp jz mov
test jnz cmp jz
mov push mov sub
add add insb
imul add mov
push push dec
add and add mov add
jnz cmp jz
mov cmp jnz mov
and add mov add
push mov mov push
cmp jnc mov
add dec inc
inc inc add
add rcl add
xchg add add add
jz add mov
inc add push
xchg add add
add js add
add imul add
add add sub add
add and add xor
add add mov push
add test jnz
jz push add
mov mov add push
inc inc dec
sub add cmp
xchg add mov
jz inc add
jc dec add
xor mov test
add add add nop
push inc inc
add add nop
ret mov mov
add push inc
sub add mov add add
add add add clc
add add add add clc
add add add add pop
inc add add add push
imul mov add imul
jmp mov lea
jmp mov lea mov
imul xor mov add imul
jmp add mov
jc cmp ja
jc add add add jnc
jmp mov jmp mov jmp
jmp mov jmp mov
imul lea mov
jmp mov jmp
inc add mov
jc mov mov
inc cmp jc
inc cmp jnz
inc cmp jz
inc cmp mov
jmp mov mov add
fs add inc add xlat
int3 int3 push mov
jmp mov sub
jmp push call
dec jnz pop
dec jnz push
dec mov mov
jmp pop pop
jc dec add jnz mov
enter add add
enter add add add
enter add add add add
jmp mov xor
jmp mov push call
int3 int3 push mov push
jmp mov push
jmp mov pop
jmp mov mov push
fdivrl add loopne
fdivrl add loopne add
fdivrl add loopne add add
fs add inc add
jmp mov mov mov mov
jmp mov mov mov
jmp mov mov cmp
jc cmp jna
jmp lea push
jmp mov cmp
inc mov or
jmp fs add
int3 push mov push
jmp cmp jz mov
jmp cmp jnz mov mov
inc xor jz sar
int3 int3 push
inc xor jz sar mov
jmp cmp jnz mov jmp
jmp cmp jnz mov
jmp cmp jnz cmp jnz
int3 int3 int3
jmp add jnz mov sub
jmp cmp jnz cmp
jmp cmp jnz
int3 int3 int3 int3
int3 int3 int3 int3 int3
dec jnz mov
int3 int3 int3 int3 push
int3 int3 mov
jmp cmp jna
jmp call popa jmp fs
jmp call popa jmp add
int3 int3 int3 push
int3 int3 int3 push mov
jmp call mov lea mov
inc mov test
inc mov mov mov
jmp mov and
inc mov mov
jl push call
jmp mov add mov
jmp lea push push
jmp call mov lea
inc inc cmp
jmp lea mov
jmp jmp push
jc dec add jnz
jmp add jnz
inc inc inc
inc inc inc inc
inc inc mov
jmp int3 int3 int3
inc jmp inc
inc mov add
jc add jnz
inc mov cmp
inc mov dec
jmp int3 int3
jmp fs add inc add
inc mov jmp
inc mov lea
jmp fs add inc
jmp add jnz mov
ja mov mov
int3 push mov
xor xor xor xor
dec jnz jmp mov
call push mov call push
call push push push call
call push push mov call
call push push mov
call push push call add
call push push call
call push pop
call push mov push push
call push mov push
call push mov mov
call push mov call
call test jnz call
call push lea push push
call push lea push
call push lea
call push call push call
call push call pop pop
call push call pop
call push call mov push
call push call add
call popa jmp fs add
call ret jmp
call test jnz mov
call popa jmp add add
call xor push push push
cmp jc mov mov
cmp jc mov
cmp jc jmp
cmp jc cmp
cmp jc add
cmp ja push
cmp ja mov
clc add add cmp add
clc add add cmp
call xor push push
call test jnz push
call xor push
call xor pop pop pop
call xor pop pop
call xor mov
call xor jmp mov
call xor jmp
call test mov
call test jz mov mov
call test jz mov
call popa jmp fs
call popa jmp add
dec cmp jc
call mov mov lea push
call mov push push push
call mov push push call
call mov push push
call mov push mov
call mov push call mov
call mov pop pop
call mov pop
call mov mov test
call mov mov push
call mov mov lea
call mov test jnz
call mov mov cmp
call mov lea push
call mov lea mov push
call mov lea mov
call mov jmp xor
call mov jmp
call mov cmp jz push
call mov cmp jz mov
call mov cmp jnz
call mov test
call mov test jz
call pop xor
call pop pop pop pop
call pop test
call pop ret
call pop push push push
call pop push push
call pop push
call pop popa lea push
call pop popa lea
call pop popa
call pop pop ret
call pop pop pop
call mov xor
call pop pop mov
call pop or
call pop mov mov mov
call pop mov mov
call pop mov
call pop jmp
call pop cmp
call pop call
call pop add
cmp jc push
cmp jc xor
cmp jg mov
cmp jz inc
cmp jz mov jmp
cmp jz mov cmp jz
cmp jz mov cmp jnz
cmp jz mov cmp
cmp jz lea push
cmp jz lea mov
cmp jz lea cmp
jmp push call pop
cmp jz jmp mov
cmp jz cmp jz push
cmp jz mov lea
xor add cmp
push sub mov
lea add add
mov add add cmp
mov mov call mov mov
add inc inc
mov mov mov call mov
call xor push push push
xor push push push mov
pop pop pop mov push
pop pop mov push
mov call xor push
mov call xor push push
add add sub sub
inc inc add
cmp jl push
lea mov call
push inc inc
call xor pop pop pop
xor pop pop pop mov
mov xor mov push
call xor push push
ret jmp jmp
push push mov xor mov
call xor push
call xor pop pop
push mov xor mov
xor xor xor xor
add mov call
push push mov xor
add cmp jl
mov add cmp jl
call mov call push
mov add mov call
cmp jl push call
jl push call
mov call push push
mov call mov call
push mov add mov
pop add xor mov
pop add xor mov add
call pop add
pop add xor
push mov call xor
mov call push push push
add mov add inc
mov call mov mov call
or inc add
push mov call push
add add and add add
add add add add pop
push push mov call xor
imul add add
pop pop pop pop pop
mov call mov mov mov
add add add mov mov
call lea mov
inc inc inc
and and and
mov mov call mov call
xchg add add add
xchg add add add add
mov mov call push
inc mov mov
xchg add add
mov push pop
mov mov mov mov call
mov call push mov
push call mov call
or mov push
add xchg add
add add outsb
and add and
push mov push call
xor call mov
call push push push call
push xor xor
add sub add add
push lea mov
add add imul
nop add add add add
mov call push call
add add add adc
push push dec
pop pop inc
add add add sbb
add add outsv
add sub add add add
push mov push call mov
inc dec inc
mov call mov push call
mov inc inc
mov push lea mov
push mov mov call
add add sub add
call push lea
call mov call push push
add add add sbb add
mov call push call mov
mov pop mov
inc add inc add
call push mov call push
mov call mov push
call push mov call
call add push
add add insb
mov push call push
push inc add
add cbw add
push lea mov call
add add nop
mov call ret
mov push call test jnz
inc inc dec
call ret jmp
xor pop inc
push mov call push push
mov push call test
push push mov push call
inc inc mov
mov add push push
call push push call
push mov add push
call mov call mov
mov mov jmp
add push push push
test add mov add add
mov mov call push mov
test add mov add
inc mov or
push call push push push
dec mov mov
test jnz mov
push mov jmp
add add nop add
add add call
add imul add
inc inc inc inc
mov mov dec
mov add dec
mov call test
lea push push call
push call add push
mov mov xchg
lea push push push
push call add pop
add add jz
push push mov mov call
push pop mov
call add pop
add add jmp
call test jnz push
jz add add
add add xchg
mov add jmp mov
jz inc add
inc inc push
pop pop add
test add add
push push mov mov mov
push call mov push call
push mov mov push push
add mov dec
add dec inc
add js add
add add add mov inc
mov lea call
push mov mov push
xor add inc
add add add add adc
mov call call mov
push call push call push
add sub push
push call push push call
call mov add
push push mov call push
inc push dec
insb insb outsv
inc add mov
pop mov pop
pop pop leave
push mov add push push
pop pop pop leave
lea push mov
test add add add
sub mov lea
push push call pop pop
mov test add
push push inc
mov xor pop
sub inc mov
jnz mov call
add and and mov add
mov test jnz mov
test lea mov mov
mov call cmp
dec jnz push
and and mov add
add cmp jnz push
add lea push push
add lea push
call mov test
push mov call push call
xchg mov add
mov mov add sub mov
add inc mov
jnz push lea
pop pop pop pop mov
mov call inc
push pop push
jnz push call
jmp pop pop
pop mov add
mov mov mov push
mov push xor
push call test jnz call
call test jnz call
push call xor
xor xor add
add push mov
test jnz call
call mov test jnz
dec inc push
call mov push push
test jz lea
jnz push mov call
push lea push call
push call test jnz push
cmp jnc cmp
mov mov mov jmp
cmp jnz push call
mov push call mov mov
mov mov inc inc
add add pop add add
call push mov mov
push call mov push push
and push mov
add test add mov add
push push call call
pop mov or
jnz push mov
push mov call mov
add push push push call
push lea push push
mov push cmp
add not mov add
call cmp jz
push lea call
call cmp jnz push call
lea mov push mov
push call mov lea
push push push lea
xor push push push push
call mov mov pop
add add cbw
add add add call
mov jmp and
add lock add
pop pop ret
mov mov test add
mov call cmp jnz
mov sub push
mov call cmp jnz push
push call push lea
push call cmp jz
push push lea push
add add mov inc add
push dec push
jnz mov mov mov
xor mov and
call cmp jnz push
mov push push mov mov
test jz push push push
call test jnz mov
add inc add mov
pop inc pop
jnz push push mov
cmp jnz xor mov
or mov pop
mov add push push push
test jnz mov mov
pop jmp mov
add add mov mov test
mov and cmp
cmp jnz xor
jnz xor mov
add push inc
call mov lea push
mov mov mov pop
mov dec mov
test jnz mov mov mov
call mov push push call
jz mov mov mov
jnz push call push
cmp jz call
push mov mov mov push
push mov call mov mov
inc mov dec
dec push push
mov or jmp
push call pop call
call pop call
push xor mov
call pop pop pop
call mov call mov call
or mov jmp
mov push call push call
push call mov push mov
add pop pop
call mov push mov
push push push push lea
js add add
add add sbb add add
sub mov sub
add sub add xor
dec jnz pop
push push xor
enter add add
sub push push push mov
push push call cmp jz
mov cmp mov
inc cmp jnz
call push call mov push
inc push push
push mov pop
and and push
inc pop mov
push push mov push push
lea push lea push
lea push push push call
push push mov lea
lea push lea
push add push
mov dec test
add add add pop add
mov push mov call
call mov add mov
add cmp mov
call push lea push
mov mov push push push
push push add
test add add add add
test mov jz
jmp mov jmp
jnz pop pop
mov call pop
jmp push pop
add inc add inc
or pop pop
push mov lea
jmp int3 int3
mov mov lea push
add jmp add
add mov push mov
jnl mov push
mov xor mov mov xor
pop pop jmp
call popa jmp add
popa jmp add
popa jmp add add
popa jmp add add add
jmp call popa jmp add
call popa jmp add add
inc add push
call mov xor
lock add add
add lock add add
mov push mov sub
mov mov mov cmp
add xor add inc
push push call xor
cmp jnz inc
push lea push lea push
lea push push call mov
call pop mov
push pop pop
push push push call xor
mov push mov push mov
add mov pop
mov sub cmp
push lea push lea
mov lea mov mov mov
jnz mov inc
lea mov mov mov mov
pop xor xor
and and pop
mov test jz push push
call mov pop pop
call mov mov lea
jmp push mov
xor ret mov
imul add mov
mov push mov push call
push push jmp
xor mov mov xor mov
call push mov push
push push call mov pop
mov jz mov
jnz lea push
call mov mov push
