jnz mov sub adc
mov sub adc
add jnz mov sub adc
add jnz mov sub
jnz mov sub adc adc
mov sub adc adc
sub adc adc
jnz mov sub adc jc
mov sub adc jc
sub adc jc
mov sub adc adc add
sub adc adc add
adc adc add jnc
inc add jnz mov sub
adc add jnc jnz
add jnc jnz mov
add jnc jnz mov sub
adc add jnc jnz mov
adc adc add jnc jnz
inc add jnz mov
jnc jnz mov
jnc jnz mov sub
sub adc adc add jnc
jnc jnz mov sub adc
adc add jnc
inc add jnz
mov sub adc adc jmp
adc adc jmp
jmp add jnz mov sub
jmp add jnz mov
sub adc adc jmp
jmp add jnz
or add add add or
test add in
or add mov add
mov inc or jz
mov add jnz mov sub
mov sub adc jnc
jnz mov sub adc jnc
sub adc jnc
mov add jnz mov
mov add jnz
sub add mov add mov
call add add add add
adc jnc add cmp adc
adc jnc add cmp
adc jc mov add
adc jc mov
rol xchg sub sub
adc jc mov add jnz
nop mov inc mov inc
nop mov inc mov
adc lea cmp
jc mov add jnz mov
adc lea cmp jna
adc lea cmp jna mov
add sub ja add
shl mov inc xor
add sub ja add jmp
jc shl mov
inc sub cmp ja cmp
jc shl mov inc
jc shl mov inc xor
mov inc add jnz mov
jnc add cmp adc
mov inc add jnz
inc sub cmp ja
mov sub adc jnc add
mov sub adc jc mov
xchg sub sub add mov
xchg sub sub add
cmp adc lea
cmp adc lea cmp
xchg sub sub
cmp adc lea cmp jna
pop mov mov mov inc
loop lea mov
loop lea mov or
xor sub jc shl
shr rol xchg sub sub
loop lea mov or jz
xor sub jc
sub adc jnc add
xor sub jc shl mov
mov add mov loop lea
lea cmp jna mov inc
sub jc shl mov inc
sub jc shl mov
sub jc shl
jnz mov mov shr rol
rol xchg sub sub add
sub ja add jmp
sub sub add mov add
ja add jmp pop
mov inc xor jz
mov inc sub cmp ja
add mov add sub ja
jnc add cmp adc lea
mov add sub ja add
mov add sub ja
jc mov add jnz
inc mov inc add jnz
sub ja add jmp pop
ja add jmp pop mov
mov loop lea mov
sub adc jc mov
sub adc jc mov add
ja cmp jnz mov mov
sub adc jnc add cmp
add cmp adc lea
mov mov shr rol xchg
mov loop lea
mov mov shr rol
shl mov inc xor jz
add cmp adc lea cmp
add mov loop lea
mov loop lea mov or
add mov loop lea mov
adc jnc add
sub ja add
add sub ja
add mov loop
mov add mov loop
inc mov inc dec jnz
add mov add mov loop
inc xor jz
mov add mov add sub
sar mov jmp add
mov jmp add jnz mov
sub adc jc dec add
mov jmp add jnz
sub adc jc dec
dec add jnz mov
sar mov jmp add jnz
mov inc xor jz sar
inc xor jz sar
jz sar mov jmp
xor jz sar
xor jz sar mov
jz sar mov
xor jz sar mov jmp
dec add jnz mov sub
inc xor jz sar mov
sub adc adc jmp xor
jz sar mov jmp add
jmp xor sub jc shl
adc jmp xor sub jc
adc jmp xor sub
adc jmp xor
adc jc dec add jnz
adc jc dec add
adc jc dec
jmp xor sub jc
mov sub adc jc dec
adc adc jmp xor sub
jc dec add jnz
jc dec add jnz mov
adc adc jmp xor
jc dec add
inc dec jnz jmp mov
adc jc inc add
mov sub adc jc add
adc jmp add jnz mov
adc jmp add jnz
adc jmp add
adc jc inc add jnz
sub adc adc jmp add
sub adc jc add
adc jc inc
jc inc add jnz
adc adc jmp add
sub adc jc add jnz
adc adc jmp add jnz
mov sub adc jc inc
sub adc jc inc add
adc jc add jnz mov
adc jc add jnz
jc inc add jnz mov
sub adc jc inc
jc add jnz mov sub
dec jnz jmp mov add
jc add jnz mov
dec add jnz
lea add push add call
add push add call xchg
shr rol xchg
add call xchg
call xchg mov
rol xchg sub
mov shr rol
jz mov add jmp call
mov shr rol xchg
add call xchg mov inc
or jz mov lea
push call or jz mov
add call xchg mov
push call or jz
mov shr rol xchg sub
call xchg mov inc or
inc or jz mov
mov lea add push add
mov inc or jz mov
call or jz mov
xchg mov inc or jz
or jz mov add jmp
mov add jmp call
push add call xchg
pusha mov lea
mov or jz mov lea
call or jz mov add
call xchg mov inc
xchg mov inc or
push add call xchg mov
lea mov or jz mov
lea add push add
shr rol xchg sub
or jz mov lea add
adc jc add
or jz mov add
add push add call
sub sub add mov
jz mov lea add push
and pop push push push
and and pop push push
pop popa lea
push call lea and
push call lea and and
and pop push push
push cmp jnz sub jmp
push cmp jnz sub
call pop popa lea push
pop popa lea push cmp
pop popa lea push
call lea and and
lea push cmp jnz
lea and and pop
lea and and pop push
lea push cmp jnz sub
push push call pop popa
call lea and
push call pop popa
call pop popa lea
push call pop popa lea
call lea and and pop
call pop popa
push push call lea and
popa lea push cmp jnz
popa lea push cmp
popa lea push
xchg mov inc
sub cmp ja cmp jnz
and and pop push
call or jz
cmp jnz sub jmp
lea and and
sub cmp ja cmp
ja cmp jnz mov
cmp ja cmp jnz mov
shl mov inc
add cmp adc
jnc add cmp
jmp xor sub
pusha mov lea push
add jmp call mov lea
mov add jmp call mov
jmp call mov lea mov
sub jmp add
jnz sub jmp add
cmp jnz sub jmp add
jmp call mov lea
sub jmp add add add
sub jmp add add
jnz sub jmp add add
add jmp call mov
inc mov push call or
jz mov jns movzx inc
inc or jz mov jns
jns movzx inc
jns movzx inc push
or jz mov jns movzx
jns movzx inc push inc
or jz mov jns
mov jns movzx inc
mov jns movzx
jz mov jns
jz mov jns movzx
mov jns movzx inc push
movzx inc push inc mov
mov push call or jz
push inc mov push call
movzx inc push inc
movzx inc push
jmp nop mov inc mov
push jmp nop mov inc
lea push jmp nop mov
push jmp nop
lea push jmp nop
pusha mov lea push jmp
mov lea push jmp nop
push jmp nop mov
add add add test add
add add dec add inc
mov lea push jmp
add or add or add
add clc add
jmp nop mov inc
add mov add adc
js add add add add
add inc add pop add
mov add in
daa add add
or add xor add
js add add add
add and add dec
add add pop add add
nop nop nop nop
or add xor
add pusha add add
pusha add add
add or add add mov
add adc add and add
or call add
add js add add add
xor add pop
add xor add pop
add add or add push
add pop add dec
add and add dec add
pop add dec add
add pop add dec add
add add imul add add
xor add pop add
and add dec add
add or add and
or add adc
enter add add
add xor add pop add
sub add in
add call add add add
or add and
add or add and add
add call add add
or add and add
add or add adc add
or add adc add
add or add adc
add add call add
or add pop
add or push
add or add push add
add add add add enter
add add add add js
add add add enter
add add pusha add add
add add add lock
dec add or
add add add add lock
add enter add add
adc add jo
adc add jo add
add add dec add push
add enter add
pusha add add add
add pusha add add add
jo add mov add
add jo add mov add
dec add or add
pusha add add add add
add inc add add dec
add add call add add
add add pushf
add jo add mov
jo add mov
or add sbb
add sbb add inc
add nop add add add
add add add lock add
nop nop nop nop nop
or add or add add
add add add jmp add
add add add add jmp
add add add jmp
add or add sbb
test add add add add
add add add enter add
add add clc
add push or
add add enter add
add add enter add add
inc add add push add
add add cmp add add
add inc add add push
add adc cmp
or adc add add add
or adc add add
add or adc
add add js add add
add add add jo add
nop nop nop nop mov
nop nop mov
jmp mov jmp int3
jmp mov jmp int3 int3
lea jmp mov jmp int3
mov jmp int3 int3 lea
jmp int3 int3 lea jmp
jmp int3 int3 lea
int3 lea jmp mov jmp
mov jmp mov jmp int3
mov jmp int3 int3 mov
jmp int3 int3 mov
jmp int3 int3 mov jmp
add jmp mov jmp int3
int3 mov jmp mov jmp
int3 mov add jmp
int3 mov add jmp mov
int3 mov add
int3 int3 mov add jmp
int3 int3 mov add
jmp int3 int3 push call
mov jmp int3 int3 push
int3 int3 push call pop
int3 int3 push call
jmp int3 int3 int3 mov
jmp int3 int3 mov add
int3 mov jmp mov add
int3 mov jmp int3
int3 mov jmp int3 int3
int3 int3 mov jmp int3
or jz inc
push pop ret mov
pop ret lea jmp lea
pop test pop
movzx xor shr
jmp push pop ret mov
jmp push pop ret
mov inc cmp jz test
jz test jz movzx
jmp int3 int3 int3 lea
int3 int3 int3 mov add
inc cmp jz test jz
pop leave ret mov mov
lea jmp push call pop
lea jmp push call
jz movzx inc movzx
movzx inc movzx xor
inc movzx xor shr
movzx inc movzx xor shr
inc movzx xor
inc movzx xor shr xor
jz movzx inc movzx xor
movzx xor shr xor dec
xor shr xor
xor shr xor dec
test jz movzx inc movzx
movzx xor shr xor
test jz movzx inc
jz movzx inc
mov or call cmp
or call cmp
ret push push pop
mov or jz inc
mov cmp jnz cmp jnc
jmp lea mov shr
jmp mov mov and test
and jmp lea mov shr
mov and jmp lea mov
jnz cmp jnc mov
cmp jnz cmp jnc mov
and jmp lea mov
cmp jng push push call
leave ret mov mov push
push jnz call
pop test pop jz
mov jnc cmp jnz
mov jnc cmp
movzx inc movzx
jmp and lea mov
jmp mov jmp int3 mov
movzx xor movzx
ret push push pop push
jz xor mov pop ret
mov and or call
jz xor mov pop
test jz xor mov pop
and or call
jnz push lea pop cmp
lea pop cmp jnz inc
xor movzx xor
push lea pop cmp jnz
mov jmp and lea mov
jnz push lea pop
mov jmp and lea
jnz mov cmp jl cmp
test jz mov inc cmp
cmp jnc mov mov shr
push pop ret mov xor
sar movzx test
pop ret mov jmp lea
mov sar movzx test
jnz cmp jnc mov mov
jnc mov mov shr
mov sar movzx
mov inc mov jnc cmp
cmp mov inc mov
cmp mov inc mov jnc
mov mov or jmp push
mov cmp mov inc
jnz mov cmp jl
mov inc mov jnc
mov cmp mov inc mov
inc mov jnc
inc mov jnc cmp
jnz mov cmp mov inc
inc mov jnc cmp jnz
mov inc cmp jnz lea
mov inc dec jz
cmp jz test jz movzx
add jmp mov jmp lea
ret mov mov push mov
add and call mov mov
mov cmp jz add inc
xor cmp push push jnz
push jnz call mov
mov jmp int3 mov
add and call
add and call mov
push push jnz call
mov jnc cmp jnz mov
lea shl mov
mov mov or jmp
xor mov pop ret push
ret mov jmp lea jmp
ret mov jmp lea
call pop test pop
lea pop cmp jnz
jmp int3 mov
jz add inc cmp jc
jmp lea jmp push call
lea jmp lea jmp push
jnz cmp jc add
dec jnz cmp jc add
jz test jz movzx inc
shr movzx and mov xor
jnz xor mov mov sub
xor dec jnz cmp jc
xor dec jnz cmp
mov sub and sub xor
jc add mov sub
int3 int3 lea jmp push
shr xor dec jmp
shr xor dec jmp pop
shr xor dec jnz cmp
int3 lea jmp push
int3 lea jmp push call
add jnz xor mov mov
add jnz xor mov
sub and sub xor
jnz cmp jc add mov
dec jmp pop pop pop
xor add jnz xor
add mov sub and sub
xor dec jmp
xor shr xor dec jmp
movzx xor movzx xor
jmp mov jmp int3 lea
xor mov mov sub test
xor dec jmp pop pop
xor add jnz
movzx shr movzx and mov
sub test jz movzx inc
movzx and mov xor xor
movzx shr movzx and
xor shr xor dec jnz
xor dec jmp pop
movzx movzx shr movzx and
mov sub test jz movzx
dec jnz cmp jc
add mov sub and
dec jmp pop
dec jmp pop pop
jc add mov sub and
cmp jc add mov sub
movzx and mov xor
and mov xor xor xor
xor add jnz xor mov
jmp pop pop pop pop
jmp int3 mov add
jmp int3 mov add jmp
mov jmp int3 mov add
add jnz xor
shl mov add and
test jz test jz movzx
jmp pop pop pop
lea shl mov add and
shl mov add and mov
add and mov mov inc
jnl lea shl mov add
or call jmp push mov
or call jmp push
and or call jmp push
pop ret mov and or
pop mov or call cmp
pop ret push push pop
and or call jmp
or call cmp jz push
lea shl mov add
ret mov and or call
mov add and mov mov
mov and or call jmp
jnz lea lea cmp jnc
push pop ret mov and
jnc cmp jnz lea lea
mov or call cmp jz
mov inc add cmp jl
call pop mov or call
cmp jz xor pop pop
cmp jc cmp ja call
jc cmp ja call mov
cmp jnl lea shl
jc cmp ja call
pop mov or call
cmp jnl lea shl mov
jnl lea shl
jnl lea shl mov
push mov jz lea lea
jnz lea lea cmp
cmp jnz lea lea cmp
or call cmp jz
lea lea cmp jnc cmp
mov jmp int3 lea
jmp int3 lea
jmp int3 lea jmp
mov jmp int3 lea jmp
cmp jnz dec jnz xor
lea lea cmp jnc
mov jz lea lea add
mov pop ret push xor
or jz inc inc
jz or jz inc
cmp jnz lea lea
jz or jz inc inc
mov jz or jz inc
dec jnz xor cmp jz
jnz dec jnz xor
jnz dec jnz xor cmp
jz lea lea add cmp
jg push jmp lock
or jnz lock jmp
or jnz lock
cmp push mov jz lea
cmp jnc cmp jnz lea
jz lea lea add
lock cmp jg push jmp
lock cmp jg push
pop or jnz
cmp jg push jmp lock
pop or jnz lock jmp
lock cmp jg
jmp lock cmp jg push
pop or jnz lock
lea add cmp jnc
pop push push call test
push jmp lock
jmp lock cmp
lea add cmp jnc cmp
lea lea add cmp
jnz lock jmp
lea lea add cmp jnc
jmp lock cmp jg
jmp mov or call cmp
push call pop test pop
call pop test pop jnz
mov jmp mov or call
call mov add call add
jnz lea lea
jz mov inc cmp jz
inc mov inc cmp jz
pop test pop jnz
jz sbb sbb
and or and mov
and mov xor xor
and or and mov mov
cmp jz sbb
cmp sbb and add add
mov mov jmp and lea
jmp and lea mov mov
sbb and inc push push
push pop push call test
sbb and inc push
jmp mov or call
lea mov or jz inc
or and mov mov add
lea mov mov add jmp
neg sbb and inc push
jmp lea cmp jnc sub
push push push mov neg
jnc and or and
cmp jz sbb sbb
sub cmp sbb and add
add cmp jz sbb sbb
sub cmp sbb and
mov jz lea lea
cmp jnc and or and
jnc and or and mov
add cmp jz sbb
jnc mov test jnz push
mov mov cmp jnc cmp
jz inc bts jmp
test jnz push lea pop
and mov mov add add
jnl cmp jng push push
mov neg sbb and inc
mov jmp mov mov sar
movzx jmp movzx movzx shl
mov jmp movzx add
jmp and mov push pop
mov mov push jmp and
jz inc bts jmp mov
sar movzx test jz and
and inc push push call
jz inc bt
or jz inc bt jnc
jnz movzx jmp movzx movzx
jz inc bt jnc
jz inc bts
lea mov mov jmp cmp
or jz inc bt
and test jnz mov jmp
or jz inc bts
or lea mov mov jmp
mov inc dec jnz mov
mov push jmp and
mov push jmp and mov
push jmp and
push jmp and mov
inc bt jnc
push jmp and mov push
push jnz mov cmp
push jnz mov cmp jl
or jz inc bts jmp
mov or jz inc bt
inc bts jmp
push call push pop cmp
inc bts jmp mov
mov or jz inc bts
and mov push pop lea
and mov mov push jmp
jl cmp jna push
and mov push pop
push push mov neg
mov sub sub sar shl
mov sub sub sar
mov push pop lea push
sub sub sar shl add
jl cmp jna push push
jl cmp jna
sub sar shl add cmp
lea cmp jnc mov test
push mov jz lea
lea cmp jnc sub mov
cmp jnc sub mov mov
jnc sub mov mov
push push mov neg sbb
jnc sub mov mov jmp
sub mov mov jmp and
cmp jnc mov test jnz
movzx movzx shl or pop
jnl cmp jng push
jmp mov mov sar movzx
sub sub sar shl
cmp jl cmp jna push
mov cmp jl cmp jna
cmp jl cmp jna
jnc mov test jnz
jmp and mov push
sar shl add cmp
sbb and add add
mov inc dec jz test
jmp lea mov shr lea
sub sub sar
jnc mov mov shr lea
mov mov sar movzx test
mov lea add and call
mov sar movzx test jz
jnz movzx jmp movzx
sar movzx test jz
lea mov shr lea not
mov lea add and
mov mov shr lea not
ret mov xor xor
mov or jmp push pop
ret mov xor xor or
jmp and inc
pop ret mov xor xor
or jmp push pop ret
lea cmp jnc sub
or call jmp
xor lea mov mov pop
cmp jnz movzx jmp movzx
jz cmp jnz movzx jmp
setnle lea jmp xor
setnle lea jmp xor test
test setnle lea jmp xor
lea jmp xor test
lea jmp xor test jnz
xor call mov jmp int3
call mov jmp int3
call mov jmp int3 int3
push inc inc push
jc lea cmp jc
cmp jc lea cmp jc
imul cmp jnc
imul cmp jnc mov
lea push mov call int3
imul cmp jnc mov mov
pop call mov pop
dec pop ret int3
xor pop call mov
xor pop call mov pop
sub mov shr
call mov pop ret push
sub mov shr sub
sub jmp push call pop
sub jmp push call
jnc mov mov sub
jmp push call ret push
jmp push call ret
cmp jnc mov mov sub
push call ret push call
xor add xor add
jmp jmp jmp jmp jmp
jmp sub sub
jmp sub sub mov
mov sub jmp push
sub sub mov shr
pop xor pop call mov
jnc mov mov add cmp
call jmp int3 int3 int3
call jmp int3 int3
call mov mov cmp jc
call ret mov call ret
ret mov call ret push
call jmp int3
ret mov call ret
jc lea cmp jc lea
sub sub mov shr sub
add xor add xor
add xor add xor add
jz call xor
dec pop ret int3 int3
jmp sub sub mov shr
mov shr movzx
mov or test jz mov
or test jz mov
jmp and sub
mov jmp and sub
and sub dec
jnc mov mov sub sar
mov xor jz push push
xor jz push push
mov jmp sub sub mov
mov jmp sub sub
sub add sub add
jnc mov cmp jnz lea
jmp test js cmp jnc
call mov jmp test js
add sub add sub add
jmp jmp cmp
mov mov mov call xor
mov mov fldl
sar add mov
dec mov dec
rep jmp int3 int3 int3
cmp jnz rep jmp int3
rep jmp int3 int3
jnz rep jmp int3 int3
rep jmp int3
jnz rep jmp int3
xor jz push push push
jz insv popa
fstpl fldt test
fstpl fldt test jz
fldt test jz
push mov call ret
pop ret int3 push push
mov mov and shr
call or mov add
push call or mov add
call add test jnz call
jz shl movzx
not xor and xor
not xor and
call lea xor
pop ret int3 mov
jnz mov mov call mov
ret int3 mov mov
dec sub test jnl
dec sub test
and dec sub
jmp and dec
jmp and dec sub test
mov mov jmp and dec
and dec sub test jnl
mov jmp and dec
mov jmp and dec sub
and dec sub test
jmp and dec sub
call mov mov dec
ret int3 mov
push lea call mov call
mov cmp jc lea cmp
sub add sub add sub
setnle lea jmp mov
test setnle lea jmp mov
cmp jz shl movzx
fldl mov fstpl
shr movzx movzx
cmp jz shl
lea call mov call mov
jmp mov mov and or
mov fldl mov
jmp mov and or
lea xor call
jmp jmp add add
jmp jmp add
and xor xor
call push push push mov
push jmp push jmp
jmp push jmp push
mov and or jmp mov
push fstpl call
jz mov or test
jz mov or test jz
test jz mov or test
jz and test jz and
or test jz mov or
push pop or
not xor and xor mov
call int3 push mov sub
sar rol mov
fldt test jz mov
mov shl sar rol mov
mov and xlat
fstpl fldt test jz mov
sar rol mov and xlat
shl sar rol mov and
mov shl sar rol
shl sar rol
mov shl sar
sar rol mov and
shl sar rol mov
rol mov and xlat
rol mov and
sbb push pop
call add or jmp test
add or jmp test jz
add or jmp test
fldcw pop ret
add mov mov mov add
test jz cmp jnc
mov mov sbb
jz cmp jnc sub
add xor mov mov mov
push lea mov push lea
jna add inc
sub jz test
mov fldl mov fstpl
test jz cmp jnc sub
xor jmp imul push
pop test jz cmp jnc
jz cmp jnc sub push
jnc sub push
cmp jnc sub push
jmp imul push
int3 push mov sub mov
pop cmp jz push pop
and call mov call or
lea pop pop pop pop
pop jz test jg
cmp pop jz test jg
cmp pop jz test
call cmp pop jz test
dec call cmp pop jz
mov or mov test
call mov mov add inc
cwd and add sar lea
and add sar lea
add sar lea
inc mov add mov cmp
inc mov ret
jmp jnz mov
cmp jz test jg
push push fstpl
call pop push lea call
mov mov add inc mov
call mov call or call
mov call or call ret
pop retn push mov cmp
mov mov mov add inc
mov movzx shl
ret call and
mov call mov sub
test push push
call or call ret push
jc mov cmp jc lea
add adc inc add
mov mov fldl mov
mov mov mov shl add
lea push lea call mov
push pop mov call jmp
shr sub mov mov
mov movzx xor mov
test add mov
test jz test jz movsx
lea pop pop ret
call sub mov mov
jmp push jmp push jmp
and call mov jmp test
pop ret call and call
pop ret call and
ret call and call
ret call and call mov
add pop mov pop xor
push jmp push jmp push
jnz mov add mov mov
mov shr sub mov mov
sar and mov shl
mov sar and mov shl
fldz fcompl fstsw
mov call sub mov mov
add test jnz add or
test jnz add or
add sub inc add
mov and jz and
mov xor mov mov lea
pop cmp jnz mov add
test jnz add or jmp
call add test jz test
mov mov fldl mov fstpl
add inc add leave
cmp jnc push pop
push push call neg
mov jnc mov cmp jnz
add mov test jz push
add inc add leave ret
mov shr not xor and
shr not xor
and jmp test jz test
shr not xor and xor
and test jz and test
mov mov shr not xor
shr not xor and
and xor mov mov shr
xor mov mov shr not
mov shr not xor
and mov jmp mov mov
movzx mov and xor
xor mov mov shr
mov or mov test jz
jnz mov mov call push
shr not test
mov and mov shr
push pop or mov
call sub cmp
jmp test jnz push pop
call mov lea call
mov shl add mov add
jz mov mov mov call
cmp jz mov mov add
mov push pop imul mov
push pop imul mov
mov push pop imul
mov jmp test jnz push
test pop pop jz
jnz push pop cmp jnz
add inc add ror inc
wait test jz
lea mov dec call
lea mov dec call cmp
push pop imul
and mov and xor
lea push call int3
push lea push call int3
push lea call jmp
pop ret movzx
jnc mov sar mov mov
mov fldcw mov
push push fstpl call
jz mov ret
wait fstsw sahf
add call mov mov
fstsw and jz
mov shr and and
fstpl jmp mov
dec add or
add add dec add push
inc inc inc mov jmp
mov and shr mov
jc lea cmp jc mov
lea cmp jc mov cmp
and movzx mov and
fxch fstpl fldt
dec add add dec add
fldz fcompl fstsw test
push lea dec call
mov push lea dec call
push lea dec call cmp
lea dec call cmp
lea dec call cmp pop
mov push lea dec
leave ret push mov cmp
retn push mov mov push
push lea dec
push pop cmp jz cmp
or call ret push mov
jnz mov or and
and mov add add
lea mov pop
movsx and mov add add
jnz mov or and mov
fxam mov wait fstsw mov
movsx and mov add
fxch fscale fstp fld fabs
fxam mov wait fstsw
fabs fcompl wait fstsw sahf
mov jmp mov faddp ret
fabs fcompl wait
fxch fscale fstp
jmp mov mov fldcw mov
mov mov fldcw
mov mov fldcw mov
mov mov fldcw mov fxam
mov jmp mov faddp
fabs fcompl wait fstsw
fxch fscale fstp fld
ret fstpl fldt
fxam mov wait
fldl fxch fscale
fldcw mov fxam mov
jmp mov faddp
mov wait fstsw mov
fldcw mov fxam
fscale fstp fld
mov wait fstsw
fscale fstp fld fabs
fscale fstp fld fabs fcompl
fldl fxch fscale fstp
cmp jnz mov or and
mov fldcw mov fxam mov
fld fabs fcompl wait fstsw
mov faddp ret
fld fabs fcompl wait
fld fabs fcompl
fldl fxch fscale fstp fld
fcompl wait fstsw
fcompl wait fstsw sahf
fldcw mov fxam mov wait
mov or and mov jmp
ret fstpl fldt test jz
and mov add add jmp
jz mov jmp mov faddp
mov jmp mov mov fldcw
fstp fld fabs fcompl wait
mov fxam mov
fstp fld fabs fcompl
or and mov jmp mov
or and mov jmp
mov fxam mov wait
mov fxam mov wait fstsw
mov fldcw mov fxam
fstp fld fabs
jmp mov mov fldcw
fxch fstpl fldt test
jmp mov faddp ret
fxch fstpl fldt test jz
ret fstpl fldt test
wait fstsw mov
fldt test jz mov jmp
ret fstp fstp
mov call call call
mov mov movzx push mov
push call add pop cmp
test jz mov ret
wait fstsw and jz mov
fstsw and jz mov
wait fstsw and jz
wait fstsw and
mov test jnz mov ret
wait fstsw sahf mov
sub fstl mov add and
ret mov and cmp jz
pop ret fldcw pop
ret fldcw pop ret
pop ret fldcw pop ret
mov ret mov and cmp
pop ret fldcw
fstsw sahf mov
fstl mov add
ret fldcw pop
cmp jz fldcw
nop nop nop nop
nop nop nop nop nop
mov jz jmp
jz jmp mov sub mov
jz jmp mov sub
nop nop mov
nop nop nop mov
nop nop nop nop mov
push push and sub
push push push and sub
push and sub
mov push push push and
nop nop mov mov
nop nop nop mov mov
nop nop mov mov mov
mov mov nop
mov nop nop nop nop
mov nop nop nop
mov nop nop
push mov call pop jmp
mov lea mov mov call
call pop jmp int3 int3
call pop jmp int3
mov mov lea mov call
mov lea mov call mov
lea pop pop pop pop
sub mov add pop
or or xor
mov add pop ret
sub sub mov mov
add mov mov mov add
jmp mov jmp int3
jmp mov jmp int3 int3
mov sub mov sub
mov dec mov jmp
mov mov sub mov sub
mov xor mov xor mov
pop ret nop
and or add
pop pop ret jmp
sub sub add mov
add mov mov mov call
jmp mov mov lea mov
add mov mov xor mov
mov add mov mov sub
mov call lea mov mov
jmp mov mov add mov
mov add mov mov xor
pop add ret
pop test pop
and and or or
mov mov sub add mov
mov dec mov jmp mov
call lea mov mov mov
add pop pop pop pop
and or test
jmp jmp jmp jmp jmp
mov mov lea mov lea
sub mov mov mov add
mov mov call lea mov
mov and and or or
and and mov and
sub mov mov jz
lea jmp mov jmp int3
pop pop pop ret jmp
add add mov mov jmp
cmp jng push push call
jmp nop push
call pop test pop
cmp mov jna mov
pop test pop jz
jmp add pop
mov jna mov
movzx add mov mov mov
pop pop add ret
sub movzx mov mov mov
pop pop ret nop
movzx add mov mov
push call pop test pop
sar and mov lea
mov sar and mov lea
and or add add
mov lea mov cmp jz
mov mov call cmp jz
cmp mov jna mov mov
mov shr movzx
and imul and
mov movzx mov mov mov
sub movzx mov mov
mov mov call mov test
add mov mov sub add
int3 lea jmp mov jmp
mov mov sar and mov
pop pop pop pop add
mov jna mov mov
mov jmp mov jmp int3
call cmp jz jmp
jmp jmp cmp
jmp mov mov and test
push pop ret mov
int3 mov jmp mov jmp
add jmp mov jmp int3
pop pop pop add ret
jmp push pop ret
jmp push pop ret mov
pop pop pop ret nop
jz push call test pop
call pop test pop jz
or jz inc
cmp pop mov jz
mov call mov add test
mov xor xor or
test jnz jmp mov mov
xor mov mov or mov
test pop jz mov
ret push mov cmp jnc
mov dec test jz inc
dec test jz inc
call cmp pop mov jz
xor mov mov or
movzx push movzx
movzx push movzx push
int3 int3 int3 mov add
int3 int3 mov add
int3 int3 mov add jmp
int3 mov add jmp
int3 mov add jmp mov
pop test pop jz push
test jz mov dec
int3 mov add
jnz lea lea cmp
cmp jnz lea lea cmp
push call test pop mov
push pop ret mov xor
call test pop mov
cmp jnz lea lea
mov mov or jmp push
test pop mov
mov lea test jz push
dec push push call
jnz lea lea
add and call mov mov
add and call mov
add and call
lea test jz push push
mov mov or jmp
call inc push call
push movzx push movzx
push movzx push movzx push
and mov mov or
jpo add jpo
jpo add jpo add
mov or jz inc
or add pop
pop leave ret mov mov
mov lea lea cmp
sub add add cmp
lea push call add mov
jna add add
mov jmp mov mov sub
jnz mov mov mov sub
lea mov push call
add mov shr mov
mov call add test jz
add test jz lea push
call add test jz lea
add test jz lea
mov mov jmp int3 int3
jp add jp add jp
push jnz call
mov mov jmp int3
add jpo add jpo add
add jpo add jpo
jmp push inc
add mov imul
jnz push pop add and
ret push push pop
call pop push pop
mov or jmp push pop
or jmp push pop ret
lea lea cmp jnc
call mov pop test pop
jz mov inc test jz
mov pop test pop
mov mov add add jmp
mov mov mov or jmp
jl add add add
add xor xor mov
add jg add jg add
add jg add jg
mov jnc cmp
ret mov mov cmp
mov mov push jmp
jz xor mov pop ret
jnl add jnl
jnl add jnl add
test jz xor mov pop
jz xor mov pop
movzx push push movzx push
call inc push call pop
push call inc push call
add and or add add
jg add jg add
jg add jg
add and or add
push or add
push push movzx push
js add js add
js add js
mov jnc cmp jnz
imul add imul add
add jnl add
jz jmp mov and
inc cmp jz test jz
jmp jmp int3
jmp jmp int3 int3
mov cmp jz add inc
and mov imul
mov mov mov and inc
add and or
mov mov adc
add lea push mov call
add lea push mov
lea shl mov
cmp setl mov
add push call add mov
inc and jz
inc inc add inc
test lea push jz call
add imul and
test lea push
test lea push jz
lea push jz call
mov mov test mov jnz
lea push jz
ret push push pop push
inc inc add inc inc
jz inc mov inc
pop test pop jz mov
add add mov sub
push jnz call mov
mov lea cmp jnz mov
mov and or call
add add jna add
lea mov mov sub sub
and or call
call pop push pop push
jmp mov mov add sub
lea lea jmp
test mov jng push
cmp jnz mov and jmp
pop test pop jnz
call pop test pop jnz
cmp jnc and or and
sar and mov lea lea
and or and mov
and or and mov mov
jnc and or and mov
pop push pop push
or and mov mov add
jnc and or and
add add push mov
and mov mov add add
and mov lea lea
mov test jnz jmp mov
cmp setz mov mov mov
and jmp add mov
push call pop push pop
add mov shr mov lea
and jmp add mov shr
mov and jmp add mov
jmp add mov shr mov
jmp add mov shr
jl cmp jg inc
jl cmp jg inc jmp
cmp jl cmp jg inc
xor lea mov mov pop
mov lea add and
mov lea add and call
pop ret mov xor xor
mov mov cmp jng push
ret mov xor xor or
ret mov xor xor
inc mov jnc cmp jnz
cmp jnc and or
inc mov jnc cmp
inc mov jnc
cmp mov inc mov jnc
jnc and or
cmp mov inc mov
mov inc mov jnc cmp
mov inc mov jnc
cmp push push jnz push
jnz mov cmp mov inc
mov cmp mov inc
mov cmp mov inc mov
lea add and call
mov pop test pop jz
lea add and call mov
cmp jl sub
mov pop cmp mov
cmp jz test jz movzx
call mov pop cmp mov
dec push call pop
and and mov mov or
xor cmp push push jnz
cmp pop jz inc
jz test jz movzx
jg inc jmp
cmp jg inc jmp
mov pop mov jmp cmp
push push jnz call
mov jnc cmp jnz mov
leave ret mov mov push
lea mov mov pop pop
pop mov jz push push
add test jl
leave ret int3 int3 push
lea mov mov pop
mov imul add imul
mov imul add imul add
and inc inc
jl add jl add jl
js add js add js
push test push
add add add jna
mov push call test pop
call lea push call add
jc mov mov push
mov mov cwd idiv
mov push cmp push
mov inc dec jz test
add jns add jns
add jns add jns add
jns add jns add
jns add jns
inc and add mov
test jnz mov shr jnz
mov inc dec jz
mov jmp and mov jmp
add js add js
add js add js add
jnc cmp jnz lea lea
jnz lea lea cmp jnc
jmp and mov jmp
push push call cmp pop
lea mov mov mov sub
lea lea cmp jnc cmp
lea add cmp jnc cmp
cmp jnc cmp jnz lea
lea lea add cmp
lea add cmp jnc
jz lea lea add cmp
lea lea add cmp jnc
jz lea lea add
push pop push push call
inc test jz mov inc
jnz mov shr jnz
mov jz lea lea
mov sub mov mov jmp
mov shr jnz
mov and mov or
add or push
add add add jl
or add and
jz test jnz mov shr
add adc cmp
mov jz lea lea add
jnc cmp jnz lea
mov inc shr
mov lea shl
jc cmp ja call mov
jc cmp ja call
cmp jc cmp ja call
pop pop ret pop
test jg pop pop
mov inc cmp jz test
dec jnz mov pop
test jg pop
test jz mov inc dec
mov or inc cmp
inc mov inc cmp jz
jnz mov inc cmp jz
cmp jz sbb sbb
cmp jz sbb
sub cmp sbb and add
add cmp jz sbb
add cmp jz sbb sbb
sub cmp sbb and
cmp sbb and add add
jz sbb sbb
or jz inc bt jnc
or jz inc bts
or jz inc bts jmp
or jz inc bt
jz inc bts
inc bts jmp mov
inc bts jmp
jz inc bt
inc bt jnc
jc jnc imul add
push add jc jnc
push add jc jnc imul
add jc jnc imul add
add jc jnc imul
add jc jnc
push add jc
imul add xor add add
imul add xor add
jnc imul add xor add
jnc imul add xor
jc jnc imul add xor
insb add dec add
inc add insb add dec
add insb add dec add
add insb add dec
insb add dec add add
add imul outsb add
jns jc imul jz
jns jc imul
add add push add popa
jo jns jc imul jz
add jo jns jc
add jo jns jc imul
jo jns jc imul
and push add jc
insb add and push add
bound insb add and push
and push add jc jnc
add and push add jc
insb add and push
add push add popa
add push add popa add
push add popa add
jns jc imul jz add
add jnc insb add jz
outsb add insb add imul
outsb add insb add popa
arpl jc imul imul
arpl jc imul imul add
outsv add add jz push
jz imul add add add
add jnc arpl jc imul
add jnc insb add
add jnc arpl jc
push add popa add jnc
imul outsb add insb add
imul outsb add insb
jc imul imul add add
imul add add add mov
insb add imul outsb add
insb add imul outsb
add insb add imul outsb
add insb add imul
add popa add jnc insb
jo jns jc
jnc arpl jc imul
popa add jnc insb add
jnc arpl jc
inc add jnc arpl
jnc arpl jc imul imul
jnc insb add
popa add jnc insb
inc add jnc arpl jc
jnc insb add jz
jnc insb add jz imul
imul outsb add insv add
imul outsb add insv
jc imul jz add
add add popa add inc
add popa add inc add
add popa add inc
bound xor add
add jo jns
add imul outsb add insv
imul add add xor add
and add add push add
popa add inc add insb
jc jnc imul add add
outsb add insv add add
add popa add jnc
arpl jc imul
popa add inc add
jnc imul add add xor
add jz push add jc
jz push add jc
popa add jnc
jz push add jc jnc
jnc imul add add
inc add add add popa
imul add add xor
popa add inc
add add jz push add
add add jz push
add and add add push
popa add add jo jns
jc imul jz add and
add add jo jns
add add jo jns jc
add add add jnc jnc
and add add push
or add inc add insb
popa add add jo
add popa add add jo
add and push add
imul jz add and add
jz add and add
add inc add jnc arpl
insb add inc add jnc
inc add insb add inc
add insb add inc add
add insb add inc
insb add inc add
insb add jz imul
insb add jz imul add
push add outsv add add
add push add outsv add
add push add outsv
add inc add jnc
insb add push add jc
add push add jc
jz add outsb add
jz add outsb add insb
add jz add outsb add
add jz add outsb
bound xor add sub
bound xor add sub add
xor add sub add add
imul imul add add and
add outsv add add jz
add push add jc jnc
or add push add outsv
imul add add and add
xor add sub add
add imul outsb add insb
jz jc imul inc
add jz jc imul inc
jc imul inc add insb
imul inc add insb add
jc imul inc add
jz jc imul inc add
insb add inc
imul inc add insb
adc add sbb add add
add jz jc imul
add add adc add sbb
jc imul inc
xor or add
add adc add sbb add
xor or add inc add
xor or add inc
add adc add sbb
sub add add inc add
jz add and add inc
xor add sub
add or add jz add
add or add jz
or add jz add outsb
or add jz add
add add or add jz
or add jz
xor bound xor add sub
mov add add xor xor
add xor or add
and add inc add add
xor xor xor bound
xor xor bound xor add
xor xor bound xor
xor xor bound
xor bound xor add
xor xor xor bound xor
xor xor xor xor bound
add xor or add inc
xor bound xor
add add jz jc imul
add sub add add inc
adc add sbb add
push add dec add dec
inc add add imul outsb
and add xor or add
add and add xor or
dec add dec add inc
dec add dec add dec
add add add jz jc
mov lodsb add add add
add mov lodsb add
add add mov lodsb
add add add mov lodsb
lodsb add add add jz
add add mov lodsb add
add mov lodsb add add
mov lodsb add add
mov lodsb add
add mov lodsb
dec add add add mov
add inc add add imul
add add or add push
add add imul outsb add
push add push add dec
add or add push add
lodsb add add add
add add jz jc
lodsb add add
add add and add xor
add mov add add xor
and add xor or
add xor add add pusha
dec add add add dec
xor add add pusha
jnc and outsb
js add add add
add dec add pop
pop add dec add
add pop add dec add
add pop add dec
js add add add add
add push add pop
add pop add inc add
add pop add inc
pop add inc add
inc add push add dec
add js add add add
add add js add add
jnz jz outsb
jz jnz jz
add and add cmp
outsb add inc
add add add add js
add add add jc outsv
add add adc add and
add imul push add
add outsb add add outsb
outsb add add outsb add
outsb add add outsb
and add cmp add add
outsv and insb
inc sub jz
jo add add add add
insb outsv outsb
test add add add add
gs jz jz
add and add cmp add
and add cmp add
add adc add and add
add dec add jz add
add add insv add add
dec add jz add
or add dec add
or add dec
add or add inc add
add or add inc
add and add dec add
outsv add add jnc
and add dec add
imul add add push
xor add inc add
dec add outsb add add
dec add outsb add
add add call add add
jna add add add add
dec add outsb
loopne add add
add add add jna
add and add dec
add add add call
add add call add
add call add add add
add dec dec add
outsb add popa add
xchg add add add add
add xchg add add add
add call add add
jna add add add
dec dec add
call add add add add
add add xchg add
add jna imul
xchg add add add
add add imul add add
add test add add add
outsb add popa
jna add add
add add sal add add
add add sal add
xor add xor add
add add add add loopne
add add add loopne add
add inc add add dec
add add dec add jz
add add sal
add add add add lock
add add add lock add
add add jz dec
add jz dec
add add add lock
add add add or or
jns add add add
loopne add add add add
loopne add add add
add add add loopne
jz dec add
adc add dec
add or add dec add
add outsb add popa add
add outsb add popa
add add mov adc
add or add dec
jz add inc add
popa add add add outsv
imul jz add inc
add mov adc add
add add jc popa add
jc popa add
add jc popa add
add add jc popa
add jc popa
cmp add inc add
add xor add xor add
add xor add xor
add add pushf
lea mov mov inc mov
add cmp add inc
add add jo add add
lea mov mov inc
add add pusha add add
arpl insb add
arpl insb add add
add sub add push
xor add add dec
add add cmp add add
add jnz xor
add callf add
add add out
add add dec dec
add add add add clc
add arpl add add
jnc arpl outsv add add
imul imul add add jz
imul add add jz
push and add
add pusha add add
pusha add add
add push outsv
cmp add inc
or imul add
imul insb add
add add add clc
add add jg add add
jns imul add
add add push inc
add add push add jz
add add add add jg
add add add jg add
or add add add or
cmp cmp add add
add add jo imul
imul js add
add add add jg
add es add
add imul jnc
add add jg add
jg add add add add
push inc pop
add jg add add add
jnz sub add
add add jg
push add add add outsb
cmp cmp add
add push add jz
outsv add push
jz push add add add
cs add add
xchg mov inc
outsv add outsv add
outsv add outsv
add jna add add add
add clc add
xchg xchg xchg xchg
add add add test add
add add jnc add add
imul outsb add add
add sbb push
add jg add add
add jna add add
add add clc
add add push mov add
popa add add add outsb
jz push jc
add add add inc inc
add lock add add add
push add adc
lock add add add
add add push mov
or add xor add
pusha add add add add
inc add or add
add add or or add
add add add add jna
or inc add add
inc add outsb
add jnl add
js add js
js add js add
add js add js
add js add js add
push call retn
push push call retn
jng add jng add
jng add jng
jns add jns
jns add jns add
jmp cmp jz mov dec
add jns add jns
add jns add jns add
js add js add js
fs insb add
add jng add jng
add jng add jng add
jnz push push call jmp
push push push call retn
jpo add jpo
jpo add jpo add
xor fs insb add
push call retn push
push push call retn push
xor fs insb
jpo add add
add jpo add jpo
add jpo add jpo add
add jp add add
jnc sub dec
jng add jng add jng
add jnl add add
jl add jl add jl
add jnl add jnl add
add jnl add jnl
jnl add jnl
jnl add jnl add
add push imul
popa insb jnz inc
insb jnz inc
jns add jns add jns
dec xor fs insb add
dec xor fs
dec xor fs insb
call push push call call
add add jz imul
add jg add jg add
add jg add jg
call push call cmp mov
jg add jg add
jg add jg
mov shl or inc
popa gs imul
add jz insb
push popa insb jnz inc
inc insb imul
popa jz dec
add jng add add
jz inc imul
dec outsb outsv
push popa insb jnz
fs imul add
popa outsb fs
insb imul add
push popa insb
add inc imul
cmp jnc jmp
add add push imul
jz mov dec mov
jnz pop retn
jnz pop retn push
movzx shl or inc
push call retn push push
add push push call push
cmp jz mov dec mov
push call push call jmp
call push call jmp
add jg add add
jl push push push push
insb jnz inc add
insb jnz inc add add
jnz inc add add inc
popa insb jnz inc add
jnz inc add add
dec jmp mov sub mov
insv popa gs
dec outsb outsv inc
inc imul jns add
insb dec jz
insb dec jz insv
inc outsv insb outsv
dec outsb outsv inc add
outsv insb outsv
outsb outsv inc add
inc insb imul add
add outsv bound
dec jz insv
insb outsv jc
inc imul jns
inc outsv insb
retn push mov push call
inc outsv outsb jz
inc outsv outsb
add jpo add add
popa insv gs
popa jnc dec
call mov mov cmp mov
call push call cmp jz
add pop add jz
add jl add add add
jpo add jpo add jpo
dec mov movzx shl
mov dec mov movzx shl
mov movzx shl or inc
mov movzx shl or
jl add add add
push call cmp jz and
call test jnz test jz
call cmp jz and
jz insv push
push push push call inc
popa gs add
inc jc popa jz push
outsb outsv inc
add fs imul
jc popa jz push
inc imul outsv
inc insb outsv
jz push jc
fs insb add add
inc add add jz
add gs jz inc
outsv outsb jz
gs jz inc
jnc jmp cmp
jp add jp add add
mov movzx shl
add cmp jnc jmp
and add adc add
jg add jg add jg
and add adc
imul cmp jnc
js add add push
jpo add add add add
jpo add add add
movzx mov mov jmp test
push mov jnz push push
movzx mov mov jmp
cmp jz mov cmp mov
mov jnz push push call
test jnl mov lea sub
test jnl mov lea
mov test jnl mov lea
dec jnz pop retn push
or call push push
dec jnz pop retn
call test jz cmp jg
mov shl add push push
call xor xor cmp jng
push mov pop mov and
add push movzx push push
jnl mov lea sub mov
cmp jna push push call
call xor inc jmp cmp
mov jnz mov push push
push mov push call or
call xor inc jmp
jnl mov lea sub
push call xor inc jmp
call test jnz inc jmp
mov test jnl mov
inc inc cmp jl push
jnz pop and
test jnz pop and
jnz pop retn push mov
test jnz inc jmp
mov push call or push
sbb and push push
neg sbb and push push
call push call jmp push
push push call retn mov
call push call mov lea
mov shl add push
test jnz push call cmp
call add cmp jnc
push call retn mov
push call mov and push
jl cmp jnz push push
jna push push call
push call add cmp jnc
test jz push pop jmp
retn push push mov push
push call retn push mov
retn push push push call
push call cmp jnl
push call or push
call push call mov jmp
mov shr cmp jnz
call push push call cmp
push push mov sub push
jnz mov shr cmp jnz
call mov and push
cmp push mov jnz push
mov lea sub mov mov
movsx shr movsx
call cmp mov jnz cmp
call push push call jmp
call mov cmp mov jz
jnz mov shr cmp
cmp jnz mov shr cmp
call push mov call test
push push mov sub
cmp mov jnz mov push
mov shr cmp
pop leave retn cmp
pop pop leave retn cmp
mov mov mov push add
cmp mov jnz cmp
add push js add
add add push js add
add add push js
add push js
leave retn push mov cmp
call retn push mov sub
call retn push push call
push js add
call cmp jl push
call cmp jl push push
push call cmp jl push
js add ja add
add js add ja
add js add ja add
js add ja
xor jmp cmp mov
mov jz lea mov
arpl inc inc insb
imul outsb inc add
pop add jz jns
pop add jz jns jz
insv push inc add
jz add rol
insv push inc add add
outsv insb and outsb
insb and outsb gs pop
insb and outsb gs
add outsb fs popa gs
add outsb fs popa
jz outsv insb and outsb
jz insv push inc
jz insv push inc add
jc insv inc add
outsv insb and outsb gs
add add outsb fs popa
dec jz insv push inc
outsb fs popa gs
inc add add jz insb
and outsb gs pop
and outsb gs
popa jz add rol
mov shl add cmp
call pop pop pop retn
jg add jg add add
add jz jns jz
jz jns jz insv
jz jns jz insv dec
add jz jns jz insv
add push imul jnc
popa gs add add
jz push imul inc
jnc mov mov sub sar
jns add jp add jp
add insb insb push
dec insv popa
jo outsb inc
jz jns jz
inc outsv outsb jz outsv
dec insv popa gs imul
add jc gs
push jc imul imul add
push jc imul imul
add add outsv bound
js add js add ja
outsv bound inc
jc insv inc
dec insv popa gs
jz push jc imul imul
jz push jc imul
jnc dec outsb
arpl add add outsv bound
insv popa gs imul
outsb imul sub
sub mov cmp mov
inc jc popa jz inc
jc popa jz inc
add insb insb
outsv outsb jz outsv insb
jc insv jo
fs popa gs
add add inc outsb jnz
insb dec jz insv push
outsb outsv inc add add
jz outsv jns
popa jz inc jc
popa jc insv
jz insb popa jnc dec
arpl insb inc
outsv insb outsv jc
add jc insv
add jz insb popa jnc
dec jz insv push
jz insb popa jnc
outsv outsb jz outsv
add jc insv jo
outsb gs pop
add jz insb popa
inc outsv insb outsv jc
jz insb popa
js add js add add
imul cmp jnc mov mov
imul cmp jnc mov
mov jmp sub sub mov
imul outsb inc
add jz jns
jc outsb jz imul
add add outsb fs
dec outsb jz
push jc imul
inc inc insb
push gs jc
jnz jc outsb jz imul
jnz mov or cmp
jnz jnc jc
jnz mov or cmp jnz
outsv inc add add
outsv jc outsv
jpo add jl add add
or cmp jnz or cmp
dec outsb jz jc
mov or cmp jnz or
push imul jnc
outsb jz imul
or cmp jnz or
add add jz insb
cmp jnz mov or cmp
mov jmp sub sub
jmp sub sub mov
jmp sub sub
pop pop pop pop add
jpo add jpo add add
jz insv add
add inc outsb jnz
jns add jns add jp
push jnz arpl
insb imul jz
jna inc imul
outsv jc jc
arpl inc inc
jl add jnl add jnl
outsb fs popa
xor pop pop pop retn
leave retn cmp
insb popa jnc dec
add add inc outsb
dec gs jnz
insv push inc
add mov popa
inc jc ja
popa jz dec popa
add popa bound
insv gs add
push popa jz dec
jz dec popa
jz dec popa insv
jz dec popa insv gs
dec popa insv gs add
dec popa insv gs
push popa jz dec popa
popa jz dec popa insv
popa insv gs add
jz push mov mov push
add and add adc
add and add adc add
jnz inc js add
outsb imul add
inc push dec xor fs
insb jnz inc js add
insb jnz inc js
popa insb jnz inc js
add jpo add jl
add jpo add jl add
jnl add jnl add add
jpo add jl add
jpo add jl
jl add jnl add
jl add jnl
insb insb push
add jns add jp add
jns add jp
add jns add jp
test setnle lea mov test
setnle lea mov test
setnle lea mov test jnz
lea mov test jnz movzx
mov test jnz movzx movzx
mov test jnz movzx
mov jmp xor test jnz
mov and jz and
and lea jmp ret
jz and lea jmp
mov and jz and lea
and jz and lea
and jz and lea jmp
jz and lea jmp ret
lea jmp ret
and lea jmp
jmp jmp jmp jmp jmp
lea mov jmp xor test
setnle lea mov jmp xor
lea mov jmp xor
ret mov and jz and
ret mov and jz
jmp ret mov and jz
and lea jmp ret mov
jmp ret mov and
lea jmp ret mov
lea jmp ret mov and
jmp mov and jz and
setnle lea mov mov
jmp ret lea jmp
jmp ret lea
lea jmp mov and jz
jmp lea jmp mov and
lea jmp mov and
jmp push jmp push
jmp ret lea jmp lea
push jmp push jmp
lea jmp ret lea
and lea jmp ret lea
lea jmp ret lea jmp
push jmp push jmp push
jmp push jmp push jmp
shr not test
push lea call jmp
pop add pop add
call pop push lea call
mov and jz and mov
and jz and mov
shr not test jz
ret mov shr
mov shr not test
sbb inc test
neg sbb inc test
and jmp and
jmp and or
and or jmp and or
jmp and or jmp
or jmp and or
jmp and test jz
lea call push lea call
jmp and test
jz and jmp and
lea push lea call mov
jc arpl and
and neg sbb inc test
jz and or jmp
jz and or jmp and
test jz and or
test jz and or jmp
jz and mov jmp ret
and jz and mov jmp
and mov jmp ret
mov shr not test jz
jz and sub
not and ret mov
or jmp and or jmp
not and ret
add or add or add
mov jmp mov and jz
call mov jmp mov add
push lea call lea
call mov jmp mov and
sub jmp and neg
jz and sub jmp and
sub jmp and neg sbb
jmp and neg sbb inc
and sub jmp and
jmp and neg
jmp and neg sbb
and sub jmp and neg
jz and sub jmp
mov call push lea call
call mov leave ret
arpl and jz
into inc add
add push pop jmp
call add push pop jmp
jmp push call ret
jz jc add
lea jmp mov jmp lea
and jmp and test jz
jz and jmp and test
push lea call mov call
shr not and ret
mov shr not and ret
ret mov shr not
ret mov shr not and
shr not and ret mov
and ret mov shr
and jmp and test
push lea call lea push
neg sbb inc test jz
sbb inc test jz
and ret mov shr not
movzx push movzx
movzx push movzx push
call mov leave ret mov
mov call mov leave
mov call mov leave ret
lea call mov call mov
call push lea push lea
and jz jc add
mov call add push pop
and jz jc
push call add push lea
call add push lea
daa add add
xor inc pop ret mov
idiv test jnz
pop ret xor inc pop
test jnz cmp jz pop
jz pop ret xor
jz pop ret xor inc
cmp jz pop ret
ret xor inc pop ret
ret xor inc pop
cmp jz pop ret xor
jnz cmp jz pop ret
jnz cmp jz pop
jmp ret mov lea
jmp ret mov lea mov
mov jz and jmp and
mov jz and jmp
jc daa add
ret mov add jmp
push movzx push movzx
push movzx push movzx push
test test test
call mov jmp int3
xor call mov jmp int3
jz pop ret
call mov jmp int3 int3
lea cwd mov
popa jnc and
pop push lea call mov
and mov jmp ret lea
add inc inc add inc
not and ret mov shr
test mov jz and
mov jmp ret lea jmp
mov jmp ret lea
inc inc add inc
and cmp jnz lea push
push lea call jmp push
jmp and test jz mov
lea call lea push call
and cmp jnz lea
call push lea call push
lea push jz
add push pop jmp mov
jl cmp jg movsx
ret mov add jmp mov
cwd mov idiv
mov idiv test
cwd mov idiv test
push arpl outsv
test test test test
mov and ret mov
lea call jmp push
pop idiv test
cwd pop idiv test jnz
pop idiv test jnz
push cwd pop idiv test
cwd pop idiv test
add pusha jna
lea jmp push call
push lea jmp
jmp and dec sub
jmp and dec sub test
and dec sub test jnl
jmp and dec
mov mov jmp and dec
mov jmp and dec
mov jmp and dec sub
and dec sub test
and mov jmp ret mov
and dec sub
movsx push lea call
jnz push lea push lea
sbb inc test mov
neg sbb inc test mov
mov jmp ret mov
dec sub test jnl
lea cwd mov idiv
and sub neg sbb inc
test mov jz and jmp
jmp and or jmp and
mov and cmp jnz lea
and sub neg
and sub neg sbb
mov dec jz dec
ret mov shr and
ret mov shr and ret
mov jmp push jmp
call add lea push call
add lea push call pop
pop jmp mov mov xor
lea push call pop cmp
shr and ret
mov shr and ret
movsx push lea
add mov call mov call
lea call mov cmp jz
push mov mov and mov
cmp jl cmp jg movsx
mov pop pop cmp jz
jnz push lea call
mov jmp mov xor cmp
add push adc
test jz push lea call
call push lea call mov
lea call push push
dec sub test
dec mov mov mov mov
push push movzx push
lea cwd mov idiv test
test jnz lea cwd mov
jnz lea cwd mov
jnz lea cwd mov idiv
push inc add pop inc
push inc add pop
idiv test jnz lea cwd
test jnz lea cwd
add cmp lea
mov jmp ret mov lea
idiv test jnz lea
jnz mov push cwd
jnz mov push cwd pop
pop idiv test jnz lea
jnz lea cwd
adc add adc add
cmp jna call push push
jna call push push
jna call push push push
dec inc add dec
outsv jnz push
movzx push movzx push movzx
test test test test test
adc add adc
add push inc add pop
mov push cwd
mov push cwd pop
mov push cwd pop idiv
jmp cmp jl cmp
cmp jz push lea call
mov cmp jna call push
jmp mov mov xor pop
sbb inc test mov jz
inc test mov jz and
push pop jmp mov mov
mov test jz and or
mov mov jmp push jmp
neg sbb test
test jz and jmp and
jmp test jz and or
and ret mov and
inc dec mov mov mov
jmp and and
call mov cmp jnz inc
cmp lea push jz
mov call pop mov pop
lea call push push lea
ret mov push mov pop
call add jmp lea
jmp push lea call push
push call add jmp lea
call push lea call lea
ret mov and ret mov
lea call jmp cmp
push jmp push lea
push push lea call jmp
push push push mov add
push call ret push call
and test jz mov mov
and jc jc
jz jc add add
mov mov mov cwd push
mov add jmp lea jmp
add jmp lea jmp
inc inc add inc inc
mov mov cwd push
call add mov jmp xor
mov add jmp lea
jg cmp jnl
pop idiv mov
mov and xor jmp push
jmp mov add jmp lea
jng cmp jng cmp jnz
jmp lea jmp push call
inc push push call add
lea lea call
call mov mov pop ret
and xor jmp push
add adc add adc
mov jg jz
jnz lea push call pop
dec inc add dec inc
add adc add adc add
jz push jmp cmp
jz gs outsv jnz push
gs outsv jnz push
outsv jz gs
jz gs outsv jnz
jz gs outsv
jz dec jz sub jnz
gs outsv jnz
mov pop add mov
mov mov cmp jnz inc
mov add pop ret
imul add imul add
mov idiv test jz mov
cwd mov idiv test jz
mov idiv test jz
call mov mov add call
mov mov add call mov
jo outsv jc
idiv test jz mov
mov push mov cmp jg
idiv test jz
mov mov add call
insv and jc
mov mov push mov sub
mov add call mov
add imul add imul
jg cmp jng
cmp jg cmp jng
mov cwd and add sar
dec jz jmp mov mov
adc add adc add adc
mov mov shr not test
push lea call mov shr
not test jz lea
push jz lea push lea
lea call mov shr
lea call mov shr not
pop push lea call jmp
jmp call pop push lea
not test jz lea push
movsx push jmp
mov and sub neg sbb
neg sbb test jz
call mov shr not test
mov and sub neg
call mov shr not
shr not test jz lea
mov movsx sub
jz dec jz jmp mov
dec jz jmp mov
dec jz dec jz jmp
and ret mov and ret
movsx sub inc
lea push lea jmp
and or jmp and test
jmp and test jz and
call mov call mov leave
jz mov and sub
test jz and sub
pop mov call push lea
push lea call test jz
or jmp and test jz
or jmp and test
not test mov
push mov call mov leave
push lea call jmp cmp
mov jmp push jmp push
test jnz mov and cmp
add add pusha jna
lea call jmp mov
push lea call jmp mov
push lea call push push
inc pop inc push
jmp ret lea jmp mov
sbb test jz
jnz push mov call jmp
int3 inc add
and jz jc add add
call mov shr
lea push jz call pop
call ret lea jmp
push call ret lea jmp
setz pop ret push push
sub ret push mov push
retn push mov mov sub
leave ret cmp jnz rep
retn mov push push pop
pop retn mov push push
pop ret push push xor
pop dec pop ret push
push push lea call movzx
call ret mov call ret
call mov mov cmp jc
and mov mov mov push
jnc mov mov add cmp
ret mov call ret push
push push call int3 call
ret push push xor cmp
ret mov call ret
push call int3 call
dec pop ret push xor
call int3 call xor test
int3 call xor test setnz
int3 call xor test
jnz rep jmp int3
cmp jnz rep jmp int3
jnz rep jmp int3 int3
rep jmp int3 int3 int3
rep jmp int3
rep jmp int3 int3
push call int3 call xor
int3 call xor
call int3 call xor
or pop jmp push mov
jmp call test jz push
ret mov pop ret int3
push jmp xor jmp call
jmp xor jmp call test
xor jmp call test
mov ret and ret push
mov ret and ret
mov pop ret int3 push
mov ret and
ret int3 push mov mov
and ret int3 int3
and ret int3
xor jmp and
jmp and ret
pop call leave ret int3
mov pop ret call xor
pop ret call xor test
ret call xor test
ret call xor test setnz
pop pop ret push xor
int3 push mov sub mov
ret mov ret call
leave ret push mov cmp
pop ret int3 push push
call int3 push mov sub
pop pop ret int3 push
ret int3 push push push
ret int3 push mov push
call pop ret int3 push
leave ret int3 int3 push
int3 int3 mov push push
xor pop ret int3 int3
xor pop ret int3
mov mov pop ret int3
int3 int3 cmp jnz
int3 int3 int3 cmp jnz
int3 cmp jnz
inc mov mov test jnz
inc mov or xor
inc mov mov mov lea
inc mov mov movzx cmp
inc mov mov pop mov
inc mov mov shr
inc mov or jz inc
inc mov mov shr rep
inc mov mov test jl
inc mov mov xor mov
inc mov mov test mov
inc mov movzx lea push
inc mov movsx
inc mov movsx cmp
inc mov movsx cmp jg
inc mov movsx sub
inc mov movsx sub jz
inc mov or jz
inc mov movzx lea
inc mov or xor div
inc mov push mov lea
inc mov pop jmp
inc mov test jz test
inc mov shr and
inc mov shr and mov
inc mov sub mov
inc mov test jnz and
inc mov test js
inc mov test js cmp
inc mov xor pop
inc mov shl mov
inc mov xor pop call
inc movsx inc
inc movsx inc cmp
inc movsx inc cmp jl
inc movsx push
inc movzx cmp jz
inc mov shr
inc mov shl
inc mov pop jmp inc
inc mov push lea
inc mov pop pop
inc mov pop pop pop
inc mov pop ret cmp
inc mov pop ret mov
inc mov pop ret push
inc mov push call or
inc mov push lea call
inc mov ret xor jmp
inc mov push mov
inc mov mov inc test
inc mov push push call
inc mov push push mov
inc mov ret
inc mov ret xor
inc mov mov jmp xor
inc mov jmp movsx sub
inc mov mov inc inc
inc lea pop pop
inc leave ret xor
inc leave ret xor leave
inc mov add and lea
inc mov add cmp jl
inc mov add mov cmp
inc mov add shl
inc mov add shl lea
inc mov and
inc mov call call
inc mov call call ret
inc mov call mov
inc mov call mov sar
inc mov cmp ja
inc mov cmp jc mov
inc mov cmp jg
inc mov cmp jg cmp
inc mov cmp jnc mov
inc lea pop pop pop
inc lea pop
inc mov mov imul mov
inc lea cwd
inc js add rol push
inc js arpl
inc js arpl gs
inc js arpl gs add
inc js insb
inc js insb outsv
inc js insb outsv jc
inc jz jo
inc jz jo push
inc jz jo push jnz
inc jz mov
inc jz mov push
inc jz mov push push
inc lea cmp jnz
inc lea cmp jnz cmp
inc lea cmp mov
inc lea cmp mov jnc
inc mov cmp jnl cmp
inc mov cmp jnz cmp
inc mov cmp jz and
inc mov cmp jz dec
inc mov jmp mov add
inc mov jmp mov mov
inc mov jmp mov push
inc mov jmp movsx push
inc movzx inc
inc mov jnc
inc mov jnc cmp
inc mov jnc cmp jnz
inc mov jnz
inc mov jnz mov
inc mov jnz mov push
inc mov lea push lea
inc mov mov add cmp
inc mov mov and
inc mov mov cmp jc
inc mov mov cmp mov
inc mov mov imul
inc mov inc test jz
inc mov inc movzx test
inc mov inc movzx
inc mov dec inc cmp
inc mov cmp jz movzx
inc mov cmp mov mov
inc mov cwd
inc mov cwd and
inc mov cwd and add
inc mov dec cmp
inc mov dec inc
inc mov dec test
inc mov inc jmp inc
inc mov dec test jnz
inc mov inc add jnz
inc mov inc cmp jc
inc mov inc cmp jz
inc mov inc cmp push
inc mov inc dec jnz
inc mov inc dec jz
inc movzx cmp jz mov
xor xor xor xor movzx
inc movzx inc inc
inc push inc call add
inc push jmp cmp jnz
inc push js
inc push js inc
inc push js inc add
inc push mov call jmp
inc push mov mov call
inc push mov mov cwd
inc push mov pop
inc push mov pop jmp
inc push mov push call
inc push pop cmp
inc push pop push
inc push push call add
inc push push mov call
inc push push mov push
inc push shl
inc push shl pop
inc push jmp cmp
inc push inc call
inc push xor fs
inc push dec xor fs
inc popa jnc inc
inc popa jnc inc jc
inc popa jz
inc popa jz add
inc popa jz add rol
inc push add
inc push call call
inc push call call mov
inc push call jmp
inc push call lea
inc push call lea pop
inc push call pop add
inc push call pop imul
inc push cmp
inc push dec push
inc push dec push pop
inc push dec xor
inc push shl pop cwd
inc push xor fs insb
inc popa gs outsv jnc
inc test jg mov
inc test jnl neg
inc test jnl neg cmp
inc test jnz dec mov
inc test jnz jmp mov
inc test jnz jmp xor
inc test jnz lea
inc test jnz lea sub
inc test jnz mov shl
inc test jnz sub sar
inc test jz add
inc test jz add mov
inc test jz and
inc test jz and inc
inc test jz cmp jc
inc test jz cmp jnz
inc test jz cmp jz
inc test jz lea
inc test jg mov call
inc test jg
inc ret mov test
inc sub mov jmp call
inc ret mov test jz
inc retn push
inc retn push push
inc retn push push mov
inc retn xor
inc retn xor jmp
inc retn xor jmp push
inc sub add
inc sub cmp ja
inc sub cmp ja cmp
inc sub inc
inc sub inc inc
inc sub inc inc dec
inc sub jz
inc sub jz dec
inc sub jz dec dec
inc sub mov jmp
inc popa jnc
inc popa gs outsv
inc movzx inc inc test
inc neg sbb test jz
inc not shr and
inc not shr and and
inc or add add
inc or add add add
inc or cmp
inc or cmp jnz
inc or cmp jnz inc
inc or jmp
inc or jnz
inc or jnz mov
inc or jnz mov jmp
inc or jz mov
inc or jz mov jns
inc or jz test
inc or jz test jz
inc or mov jmp cmp
inc or mov test
inc not shr
inc neg sbb test
inc outsb jnz
inc neg sbb not and
inc movzx mov
inc movzx movzx cmp
inc movzx movzx cmp jnz
inc movzx push call pop
inc movzx test jnz
inc movzx test jnz ret
inc movzx test jz
inc movzx test jz inc
inc movzx xor
inc movzx xor shr
inc movzx xor shr xor
inc neg adc
inc neg adc neg
inc neg adc neg cmp
inc js add rol
inc neg sbb and push
inc neg sbb not
inc or mov test jz
inc outsb jnz dec
inc popa gs
inc outsv js popa jc
inc outsv outsb jz
inc outsv outsb jz outsb
inc outsv outsb jz outsv
inc outsv push
inc outsv push popa
inc outsv push popa jnc
inc pop cmp jna lea
inc pop dec
inc pop inc push
inc pop inc push call
inc pop inc push push
inc pop ret push push
inc pop retn mov mov
inc pop retn push
inc pop test
inc pop test jz
inc pop test jz test
inc outsv outsb
inc outsv js popa
inc outsb jnz dec add
inc outsv js
inc outsb jnz push
inc outsb jnz push popa
inc outsv gs
inc outsv gs imul
inc outsv gs imul add
inc outsv gs popa
inc outsv gs popa outsb
inc outsv inc
inc outsv inc jc
inc outsv inc jc popa
inc outsv insb
inc outsv insb outsv
inc outsv insb outsv arpl
inc outsv insb outsv jc
inc outsv insv insv
inc outsv insv insv popa
inc outsv insv jo jc
inc neg sbb and and
inc jnz call mov call
inc js add add push
inc imul gs jo imul
inc imul imul add add
inc imul imul jz
inc imul imul jz imul
inc imul inc
inc imul inc imul
inc imul inc imul imul
inc imul jc
inc imul jc insv
inc imul jc insv inc
inc imul jnl
inc imul jnl inc
inc imul jnl inc outsv
inc imul jns
inc imul jns add
inc imul jns add add
inc imul jns add push
inc imul jns add sbb
inc imul imul add
inc imul gs jo
inc imul jnz jc
inc imul gs inc imul
outsv add and
test test test
outsv add add outsb
outsv add add outsb add
test test test test
add outsv add and
add outsv add add outsb
test test test test test
popa add add add outsv
jo popa add add add
add jnz add and
add jnz add and jnc
jnc jo popa add
and jnc jo popa
outsb add jnz add and
jnc jo popa add add
jnz add and jnc
jnz add and jnc jo
jnc jo popa
and jnc jo popa add
add and jnc jo
add and jnc jo popa
add add outsv add and
and jnc jo
jo popa add
jo popa add add
outsb add jnz add
add outsb add jnz add
add outsb add jnz
outsb add jnz
add add outsb add jnz
and popa add
add outsb add jz imul
add outsb add jz
jz outsv add
add and popa
jc outsv add or
jc outsv add or add
jnz outsb add
outsv add or add
add and popa add
outsv add or
add jz imul imul
outsb add jz imul imul
add add outsb add jz
jc jc outsv add
add jc jc outsv
jc jc outsv
add jc jc outsv add
jz outsv add add
and jz outsv
outsv add or add add
add add jnz outsb add
add add jnz outsb
jo outsv jc
add jnz outsb add
add jnz outsb
jz imul or
dec add outsb add
imul or add add
imul or add add add
add and popa add add
arpl popa add add
and popa add add
imul or add
add dec add outsb add
and jz outsv add add
and jz outsv add
add dec add outsb
arpl popa add
dec add outsb
outsv add jc
add add jc jc outsv
and insb add
add add add xchg inc
add xchg inc add add
add jc popa
add add xchg inc add
xchg inc add add
add add xchg inc
adc adc add add add
adc adc adc add add
add jnz insb
jnz insb add add
add jnz insb add
add jnz insb add add
and outsb add
jnz outsb add add
add jnz outsb add add
dec add outsb add add
xchg inc add add add
insb add arpl
jo outsv jc add
popa add add jnz
jnc jz add
outsv outsb and
outsb add jz imul and
insb add arpl popa
add arpl popa add add
imul imul jz imul or
jz imul or add add
jz imul or add
add outsb add js
outsv add and add
imul jz imul or
popa add add outsb add
jc jc outsv add or
add arpl popa add
outsb add js
insb add arpl popa add
jz imul imul jz imul
outsv jz arpl
popa add add outsb
jz imul imul jz
and jz push add
add jz imul and
jnc jo outsv
jnc jo outsv jc
outsb arpl outsb
and add jc
jz imul and
jc popa add
add jc popa add
arpl and jz
jc outsv add and
add outsv add jc
add add adc adc adc
add add add adc adc
jns add add push
add adc adc adc adc
add add adc adc
add adc adc adc
jnz insb add add add
imul and arpl
jnz popa add
add add add insb add
add add jz outsv
add loop add
popa add jns add
fs jns add
popa add jns
add add jnz insb add
add add jnz insb
jc and popa
and add outsv
imul imul jz add and
imul imul jz add
outsv add jnc
add add dec add outsb
add add jnz add add
add add jnz add
add or inc add
outsb add add popa add
outsb add add popa
call mov jmp test js
jmp test js cmp jnc
jc arpl and
popa jns add
add mov inc add add
jns add add push add
jz jz add
jmp mov and jz and
mov and jz and
outsb add add outsv
outsb add add outsv add
add outsb add add outsv
jz add jo
jc jnc add
outsb add bound
add outsb add bound
add add outsb add bound
add add jz jz add
add in inc add add
add jz jz add
add add jz jz
add and arpl
jz jc add
add jz jz
jz add jo jz and
add js jo add jz
jo jz and
jo jz and jz
jo jz and jz outsv
jnz add add outsb add
jc and popa add
popa add jo
jz jz add jo
imul jz add and popa
jc and popa add jo
jo insb add arpl
imul jz imul or add
and jz push add add
add jo jz and
outsb add js jo add
jz add jo jz
and popa add jo
and popa add jo insb
add outsv add and popa
jz jz add jo jz
jz imul and arpl
add jc outsv add or
jz add and popa add
outsv add jc and popa
jz add and popa
add jo insb add arpl
add jc and popa add
outsv add and jz
add outsv add and insb
and popa add add jnz
outsv add and jz push
and add outsv add and
and add outsv add
add jc and popa
outsv add and popa
jo insb add arpl popa
js jo add jz
outsv add and popa add
add and jz push add
add and jz push
add jnz add add outsb
add jz imul and arpl
popa add add jnz add
jnz add add outsb
add jz imul imul jz
add outsb add js jo
popa add jo insb add
jz and jz outsv
arpl popa add add outsb
js jo add
add jo jz and jz
js jo add jz add
add add outsb add js
add js jo add
add jz jz add jo
jz and jz outsv add
popa add jo insb
outsb add js jo
push add add outsv add
add push add add outsv
jo add jz add add
insb add and jz
add outsb add bound insb
add add add jz jz
add jo insb add
add jo insb
outsv add jc and
outsv add and insb
add outsv add jc and
outsv add and insb add
add add outsv add jc
outsb add bound insb add
insb add and jz outsv
add and insb add
outsb add bound insb
and add jc outsv
add and add jc
bound insb add and jz
add jc and
arpl popa add add add
and add jc outsv add
jz outsv add add outsb
add and jz outsv
add and jz outsv add
outsv add jc popa
outsv add jc popa add
and arpl outsv
and arpl outsv add
add js jo
jo insb add
jz imul imul and
add jz imul imul and
popa jnc and
jo add jz add
jnz outsb add add add
and jz jc
and jz and mov jmp
and jz and mov
mov and jz and mov
jz and mov jmp ret
and mov jmp ret
sub sub and push add
jz and insb
sub sub and push
sub and push add
jnz popa add add
jz and insb add
arpl outsb and
jc jc outsv add and
popa add and
and outsb add jz
lea jmp mov jmp lea
add jz sub
outsb add outsb
add add add jnz outsb
arpl bound add
outsv add jz and
and jc popa
or inc add add
and jz jc add
add add jnc add add
and jnc jz add
popa add jns add add
add bound add add add
push add outsb add add
push add outsb add
add add imul jnz
inc add sbb add
pop jz test jg
cmp pop jz test jg
call cmp pop jz test
cmp pop jz test
jns add dec add
jns jns jns
add inc add arpl add
popa jns add add
inc add arpl add
add outsb add add popa
out inc add
add dec add jna
add dec add jna add
jc popa insv
add dec mov add
add and inc add add
add and or
and call mov call or
push add outsb
dec add jna
dec add jna add
dec call cmp pop jz
lea dec call cmp
push lea dec call cmp
mov push lea dec call
push lea dec call
lea dec call cmp pop
mov push lea dec
daa add add
add hlt mov add
hlt mov add
push lea dec
add hlt mov
add test inc add
outsb add outsb add
dec add jc
add test inc
add inc add imul
outsb fs jns
jnc popa jns
outsb fs jns add
add cmp inc add
bound add add dec
sar and mov shl
mov sar and mov shl
outsb arpl outsb and
bound add add add dec
and jnc popa
add sub inc add
jc daa add
arpl bound add add
jnc jz add add
add inc add jc
add add inc add jc
test test test test adc
test test test adc adc
test test test adc
test test adc adc adc
test test adc
test adc adc adc adc
test adc adc adc
test adc adc
test test adc adc
popa insv and
pop ret call and call
ret call and call mov
pop ret call and
ret call and call
and call mov jmp test
add add add cbw
ret call and
xchg xchg xchg xchg
jo outsv jc add add
add jns add add push
add outsv add jnc
and outsv add
add sbb inc add
arpl jnc jc
add add outsb add outsv
add outsb add outsv add
add outsb add outsv
outsb add outsv
outsb add outsv add
imul and outsb
jnc and imul
jnc and imul imul
add sbb inc
popa add outsb
outsb add add jz
jz jc jnz
dec dec dec dec dec
add adc inc add
add out inc add
