add jng add
popa outsb fs
add add jz outsv
add jz outsv
add jz jc arpl jnc
add jz jc arpl
mov imul push
call ret add
call mov call push
call call push push
push pop push push mov
lea push call call
push push mov call pop
jz call add
sub push call
and lea push
pop push push mov
imul push push
ret push pop
push call mov call
call pop leave ret push
mov cmp jnz mov inc
push call call push
lea push push call pop
jmp pop ret
jz mov lea push
mov test jz call add
test jz call add
cmp jnz inc jmp cmp
jnz inc jmp cmp
push mov call pop mov
call mov mov cmp
push call mov mov cmp
mov test jz mov lea
push mov call pop
push mov cmp jnc mov
push mov cmp jnc
ret push mov cmp
mov call push call
ret mov test jz
ret add add add add
ret add add add
cmp jnc mov test jz
call push call pop leave
push call pop leave ret
call pop leave ret
jmp cmp jng
insv popa outsb
push push call test pop
pop mov pop ret mov
cmp jnc mov test
call call push
dec outsb outsv
pop ret mov test jz
jo add add add add
test jz mov lea
jnc mov test jz call
ret mov test
cmp jnz mov inc
mov test jz call
push call pop leave
call pop leave
ret add add
mov lea push push call
test pop pop
mov call pop mov
jnc mov test jz
mov pop ret mov test
mov pop ret mov
pop pop jz
jnc mov test
cmp jg mov
inc jmp cmp
outsv gs popa
outsv gs popa outsb
outsv gs popa outsb fs
gs popa outsb fs gs
mov inc test jz
mov mov cmp jnz mov
fs gs add
outsb fs gs add
popa outsb fs gs add
pop mov pop ret
pop leave ret push
pop leave ret push mov
call pop mov pop
gs popa outsb fs
gs popa outsb
pop ret mov test
jnz cmp jnz inc
cmp jnz cmp jnz inc
test jz cmp jnz cmp
outsb fs gs
popa outsb fs gs
cmp jnz inc jmp
jnz inc jmp
mov cmp jnc mov
push call test pop
test jz call
call push call pop
call test pop
inc test jz
jz movzx jmp
jz cmp jnz cmp jnz
jo add add add
pop leave ret
leave ret push
leave ret push mov
mov cmp jnc
mov pop ret
mov inc test
jz add push
imul jz add
dec inc dec xor fs
inc dec xor fs insb
inc dec xor fs
jo add add
add push dec inc dec
add push dec inc
add add add jz jc
add add jng add
jc arpl jnc add add
add add jng
arpl jnc add add
add add add int3
add add add clc
add add add add jz
add add clc
jz cmp jng
add add int3
inc js jz jc
inc js jz jc arpl
add add add jz
js jz jc
js jz jc arpl
js jz jc arpl jnc
inc js jz
add insv add
add add jz jc
add inc push xor fs
add add add xchg
add inc push xor
jl add add
and add inc
add jl add
or push push
add bound add
mov test push
mov test jz cmp
inc add sub
add nop add add
dec inc add
add mov or
add add add add nop
or add push
sbb and add
add add add nop
add pop add dec add
pop add dec add
add pop add dec
add inc cmp
add nop add
mov add or
dec add pop add
add dec add pop add
cmp add add add add
nop add add add add
add add nop
add cmp add add add
add dec add pop
nop add add add
add insb add
pop add dec
dec add pop
mov or mov
add outsb add
jmp push pop push push
jmp push pop push
add add add jl
push pop push push push
add add jl
add dec mov
jnc mov inc
add add add add call
add add jl add
add call add add add
bound add add
add call add add
add add add call
add jp add
add jc add
call add add add add
add test add add add
add call add
test add add add add
add add call
test add add add
jna add add
add test add add
add add add add rol
add add add rol
add add rol
add add add add sub
inc add inc inc
inc add add add inc
add inc inc add
add add add sub
add pop add add
inc mov test
add add test add add
call push push call push
add add add add test
add add js
add add add test add
add add add sub add
add add add test
add inc mov
add add test add
sub add push
or jz cmp
add add jna
add add add rol add
add add rol add add
add jna add add
add mov add test
add rol add add
add add rol add
rol add add
add add cmp add add
mov add test
add js add add
add add add add cmp
add add adc add add
add add add cmp add
add add js add
jnz and lea
call pop pop mov
inc insb insb
int3 push mov
mov call pop pop
fs insb add add add
jmp mov test
insb add add add add
test jnz and
mov ret mov
js add add
insb add add add
cmp jz inc
mov test jnz cmp
cmp jnz jmp
call add cmp
cmp jc pop
mov mov cmp jz cmp
push mov jmp
add cmp jc
push imul jc
test jnz cmp
cmp mov jc
add add add js
add add jnz
mov inc or jz cmp
inc or jz cmp
mov sub and
sub jz dec
dec mov mov
add add add in
mov mov dec
add dec inc push dec
add dec inc push
add add in
add js add add add
add pop add add add
js add add add add
pop add add add add
add add pop add add
js add add add
pop add add add
inc add insb add
inc mov jmp mov
inc add insb add dec
cmp jz push
inc or jz cmp ja
inc add push add dec
inc add push add
inc cmp jc
inc add mov
dec add insv
inc mov mov inc
dec dec inc
inc mov mov mov
dec add inc
inc mov push call or
inc mov mov mov mov
inc cmp jl
inc cmp mov
inc mov cmp
inc mov add
inc jc popa
dec add dec add
inc jc add
inc insb outsv jnc
inc insb outsv
inc insb insb outsv arpl
inc insb insb outsv
inc jmp mov mov
cs dec dec add push
inc inc push
inc inc mov
inc inc jmp
inc inc inc inc
inc inc inc
inc inc dec
inc inc cmp
dec add dec add add
cmp jz push call
cmp xor xor
inc dec mov
inc dec dec
inc jc popa jz
inc cmp jz
cmp jz push push
cmp jz push push call
inc cmp jnz
cmp push push
inc add insb
imul outsb add insb
dec add insv add
fs insb add inc push
dec repne push call or
cmp mov jnc
dec jnz mov mov
fs imul add inc jc
fs insb add dec
cmp jz test jz
dec add push inc
fs insb add inc
dec add pop add dec
dec add insv add add
cmp mov mov
fs insb add push
fs insb add xor
fs insb add xor xor
dec jnz mov
gs add add
cmp mov mov mov
cmp mov mov mov mov
dec repne push call
dec add push inc push
dec repne push
dec push push
dec jz dec jnz
cmp mov ja
cmp jz xor
dec jz dec
dec jz dec jz
dec dec dec
dec mov jnz
dec mov jnz mov
dec mov jnz mov mov
dec outsv popa
dec dec add push inc
dec outsv popa fs
dec dec add push
dec jnz push
dec dec dec inc
dec outsv popa fs imul
dec push inc
imul add add add
imul add add add add
imul add add xor
imul jc jz arpl
imul outsb add
dec add jz add outsb
cmp jz push push push
imul outsb add insb add
imul outsb add insv
imul outsb add insv add
add add add add imul
in add add
in add add add
inc add add add popa
inc add cmp
inc add dec
inc add inc add
inc add inc add add
inc add inc add inc
dec add jz add
dec add jz
dec dec inc push
cmp mov jz mov
imul add add xor add
cmp jz test
imul add inc jc arpl
imul add push
imul add xor
imul add xor add
imul add xor add add
imul imul add
imul inc add
dec dec push
add popa add
xor xor xor xor
add insb add
dec add dec add
popa add add
add popa add add
add dec add add add
add outsv add
add add popa add
add insv add add
add insv add
insv add add
add add popa
inc add insb add
inc add insb
add dec add dec add
add dec add dec
add outsb add
jc outsv add
add add dec add
add add add popa add
add add add popa
outsv add add
push add jc jnc
add jc jnc imul add
push add jc jnc imul
jc jnc imul
jc jnc imul add
add jc jnc imul
push add jc
add jc jnc
outsv add add jz
and add add push add
outsb add insb
outsb add insb add
jnc imul add
inc add insb add dec
add insb add dec
add insb add dec add
imul outsb add
insb add dec add add
and add add push
insb add dec add
add and add add push
add inc add insb add
add inc add insb
popa add add add
add imul outsb
add add popa add add
xor cmp xor
dec add insv add
dec add insv add add
dec add insv
insv add add add
imul inc add
add insv add add add
add popa add add add
add imul outsb add
and inc add
add add outsb
add outsv add add
add add add jc
pop jmp mov
xor xor cmp xor
add add rol add
add add rol
add add add dec add
push add dec add
outsb add add
add add rol add add
add add add rol add
jz and inc
add rol add add add
push add outsv add
add outsv add add jz
add add add rol
rol add add
rol add add add
push add outsv
add imul add
rol add add add add
add rol add add
push add outsv add add
add push add outsv add
add push add outsv
cmp xor xor
add add add outsv
dec add dec add add
imul jz add
imul add xor
jz dec add
insb add inc
jnc imul add xor
jc jnc imul add xor
add add outsv add
add add outsv
push add popa add
jnc add dec
add add add outsv add
outsb add insv
outsb add insv add
push add popa
test add add add
add add add add rol
outsb add insv add add
outsv add add jz push
insb add imul outsb add
add imul outsb add insv
jz push add jc
insb add imul outsb
add insb add popa
add jz push add jc
add insb add imul outsb
imul outsb add insv
imul outsb add insb
imul outsb add insb add
outsb add insb add popa
outsb add insb add imul
insb add popa add
add insb add popa add
add insb add imul
imul outsb add insv add
jz push add jc jnc
insb add popa add add
add add jz push add
jnc imul add add xor
jc jnc imul add add
xor cmp xor xor
add outsb add insb
jnc imul add add
imul add add xor
add jz push add
add outsb add insb add
add add add jz
add add jz push
insb add popa
add push add dec add
add jc outsv add
add jc outsv
imul add add add
add jz dec add insv
jz dec add insv add
add add jz dec add
add add jz dec
add jz dec add
jz dec add insv
add jz dec
outsv add add jz dec
add push add dec
add popa add inc add
insb add jz imul add
add jnc insb add jz
add jnc insb add
insb add jz imul
add push add popa add
add push add popa
popa add inc add insb
popa add jnc
popa add inc add
add popa add jnc
add popa add jnc insb
jnc insb add jz imul
add popa add inc
add add popa add inc
inc add add add popa
add add push add popa
push add popa add jnc
popa add jnc insb add
popa add jnc insb
jnc insb add jz
add add jc outsv add
add add jc outsv
insb add imul
add jz imul add add
jnc insb add
add jnc insb
add jz push
imul add xor add
jnc imul add xor add
popa add inc
jz imul add add
insb add jz
sub mov jmp
test add add add add
imul add xor add add
insb add push
jc imul inc
add add dec add add
add jz imul add
add jc outsv add add
fs insb add inc
jc outsv add add jz
jc outsv add add
mov add mov jmp
jz push add
imul add add xor add
add add add add jc
pop jmp mov mov
jz jc imul inc
jc imul inc add insb
jz jc imul inc add
add jz jc imul inc
imul inc add insb add
imul inc add insb
add add add jc outsv
jz imul add
jz jc imul
add jz jc imul
dec add pop
fs insb add inc push
insb add inc push
add jz add outsb
dec add pop add dec
pop add inc add push
jz add outsb
pop add dec
jmp mov mov sub
push add pop add inc
pop add dec add dec
push fs insb add
push add dec add pop
add dec add pop
push fs insb
inc add push add dec
jc imul inc add
add inc add push add
add jz add outsb add
jz add outsb add insb
add add jz jc imul
add push add pop add
jz add outsb add
inc add push add
pop add inc add
add pop add inc add
push add pop add
pop add dec add
add pop add dec add
add push add pop
dec add jz add
add dec add jz add
dec add jz add outsb
add pop add dec
add pop add inc
dec add pop add
add dec add pop add
add push inc push
add and xor
add dec add jz
add inc add push
dec add jz
add imul add add
inc mov add
add add jz jc
add test add add
jmp mov mov add
add mov jmp mov
add inc mov
add add cmp add add
jns dec add
add test add add add
sub mov jmp mov
and push add
add add add imul
add add jna
add jo popa
add add add cmp add
jmp mov sub
mov add mov jmp mov
or add or
add jna add add
imul imul add
add add add test add
add add add test
jna add add
add add test add
add js add add
add add xor xor
imul add add add add
push push dec
add add insb
add sbb add add add
sbb add add add
sbb add add add add
or add dec
or add inc
add js add add add
add add add jz jc
add add add add test
add xor cmp
add dec push
js add add
add add int3
add add add jo
js add add add
add add js
add add js add
add add xor xor xor
mov sub mov jmp
add xor xor xor
js add add add add
fs insb add dec
add add add int3
add mov jmp mov mov
add add add add imul
dec add push inc push
add add jo add
add call add add add
dec dec add push inc
add mov mov jmp
add add jnz
dec add push inc
jmp mov add mov
add call add add
cs dec dec add push
dec dec add push
popa jmp add add add
bound add add
xor inc add
popa jmp add add
xor xor xor cmp
push inc push dec xor
popa jmp add
push inc push push fs
add add add add lock
add add jl
inc push dec xor fs
push dec xor fs insb
push dec xor fs
push push fs insb add
inc push push fs insb
inc push push fs
push push fs insb
inc push dec xor
add add jl add
add add add lock add
push push fs
add add call
push inc push dec
push add push add
add add lock add
add push inc push push
add push inc push dec
add add nop
mov jmp mov add
add lock add add
add dec outsv
push dec xor
pop add add add
add add add lock
call add add add add
add add add xchg
xchg add add
fs imul add inc jc
imul add inc jc arpl
add add lock
lock add add
add nop add
add call add
add add add jl
add add xchg add
add add test add add
add jl add
insb add inc push xor
add jz popa
inc cmp jz
add nop add add
xor fs insb add inc
add add add nop
add fs imul add inc
add pop add add
add add add add jz
xor add push
or add push
add add cbw
imul add push
add sub mov
add add jnc
jo imul add
insb outsv jnc
fs insb add push
xchg add add add
mov jmp mov mov mov
add pop add add add
mov jmp mov mov add
add inc push xor fs
add dec dec
add inc push xor
add add add sbb add
inc insb insb
add mov jmp and
add add fs imul
add add fs imul add
pop add add add add
pop push call
add add pop add add
add add add add nop
jns movzx inc push
inc or jz mov jns
inc push inc mov
jns movzx inc
ret add add add add
ret add add add
ret add add
rol add add
call ret add
add rol add add
add add adc add add
add add rol
add add add sub
cmp add add add add
add add add add sub
rol add add add
sub add add add add
add add add rol
sub add add add
rol add add add add
add rol add add add
add add rol add
add add add add rol
add add add rol add
add add rol add add
add add add sub add
add pop add add
add cmp add add add
add add lock
pop add add add
add lock add add
lock add add
add lock add add add
lock add add add
add inc add dec
test add add add
add bound add
add add add add xchg
add add add lock
add add add add cmp
add add lock add
add add add add lock
test add add add add
add add add xchg
add add pop add add
inc add dec
dec add inc
add pusha add
add add add lock add
dec add dec add
add add test add
add add add test
add test add add add
pop add add add add
xchg add add add
add add add test add
add add add add test
xchg add add add add
add add add add sbb
add add add cmp add
xchg add add
call add add add add
add sub add add
add test add add
add xchg add add add
add add test add add
add add add sbb add
add xchg add add
add add dec add
push dec repne push call
mov push dec repne push
push dec repne push
mov push dec repne
push dec repne
or jz mov push dec
dec repne push call
inc or jz mov push
dec repne push call or
repne push call or
repne push call or jz
repne push call
jz mov push dec repne
jz mov push dec
sbb add add add add
dec repne push
add mov add mov add
add dec add dec add
add add sbb add add
add dec add dec
sbb add add add
or jz mov push
add add push push
inc add add add inc
add pop add add add
mov push dec
add jp add
jo add add add
and add inc
inc add inc add
nop add add add
jo add add
nop add add add add
add add cmp add add
add sbb add add add
popa jmp add add
add inc add inc
popa jmp add
jz mov add jmp call
add add cbw
jnc add push
popa jmp add add add
add loopne add
add add clc
add add pusha
xor add inc
add add call
pop inc add
add call add add
xor add push
add add add call
jmp pop ret
add inc add inc add
add dec add add add
js add add add add
push mov call pop mov
add add add dec add
js add add add
add add add clc
push push mov call pop
jz call add
push push jmp
add call add add add
add add add jc
add add add add call
pop push push mov
add inc inc add
add call add
inc add inc inc
push imul jc jz
imul jc jz arpl
push imul jc jz arpl
mov call pop mov
sub add push
push mov call pop
imul jc jz
add add add imul
add push imul jc
add jc add
add add add add imul
pop mov pop ret
add add xchg add
call pop mov pop
js add add
insb add add add add
insv add add add
add add int3
fs insb add add add
jc jz arpl
mov pop ret
insb add add add
insv add add
bound add add
add push imul
push imul jc
add add dec add add
jc arpl jnc add push
dec add dec add add
add dec mov
arpl jnc add push
add add fs imul
add add fs imul add
add nop add
add fs imul add
add fs imul
mov mov add xor
jz mov jns
mov rep mov
add add add jo
push add push add
add nop add add
mov mov mov mov add
jc pop pop
jc arpl jnc add add
add inc mov
arpl jnc add add
jo add add add add
add add jo add
pop pop pop pop pop
push inc add
mov add mov add mov
push add inc
inc js jz jc arpl
inc js jz jc
inc add mov
xor add mov
js jz jc
js jz jc arpl
js jz jc arpl jnc
inc js jz
mov mov push pop
jnz cmp jz mov
inc add inc add add
add add nop
test jnz cmp jz
push push jmp push
inc add cmp
add cmp jnc
add pop push
add mov inc add
mov push add
cmp jc pop
xchg add mov
mov imul push
cmp jnc mov test jz
push jmp push
cmp jnc mov test
pop ret push call
jnz cmp jz
jnc mov test jz call
add ret push
add mov or
add pop pop
jz mov push push call
mov test jz call add
add out add
push mov cmp jnc mov
push mov cmp jnc
push pop push push mov
test jz call add
outsb inc add
jnc mov test jz
ret push mov cmp
jnc mov test
add call pop
test jnz cmp
jz mov push push
ret push call
imul push push
test jz mov push
add add add js
jnz jmp push
add add js
mov test jz call
add in add
add add add nop
pop pop ret push
in add add add
popa outsb fs
and add and
push pop pop
in add add
add mov xchg
mov cmp jnc mov
add mov jmp and
fs insb add xor
insb add xor
test jz call
mov push push call pop
push push push pop
add push push push push
add add add add nop
mov cmp jnc
add add push dec
fs imul add inc jc
jmp and shl mov
jz cmp ja add
jmp and shl
xor mov inc or jz
jmp and shl mov add
and shl mov add
xor mov inc or
inc or jz cmp ja
or jz cmp ja add
push pop pop pop
push add mov
imul add inc jc arpl
add push gs
inc or jz cmp
mov xchg rol
mov inc or jz cmp
xchg rol xchg
mov xchg rol xchg
jna add add
or jz cmp ja
and shl mov
cmp jnc cmp
pop pop pop pop mov
xor fs insb add dec
insb outsv jnc dec
add add js add
add jmp add
inc add push add
outsv jnc dec
add insv add add add
add push dec inc dec
gs add add
add insv add add
jz cmp ja
cmp ja add
add push dec inc
or jz cmp
insb outsv jnc
outsb add add
lea xor mov
outsv popa fs
fs insb add dec
add add outsb
add insv add
mov add pop
pop pop jz
xor mov add
push add dec add
add inc add push add
mov pop add
pop pop pop mov
add add jnz
pop mov cmp
dec outsv popa fs
add dec outsv popa fs
add dec outsv popa
dec outsv popa fs imul
dec outsv popa
add dec outsv
add pop pop pop
pop mov pop pop
inc mov add
outsv popa fs imul add
add inc add push
outsv popa fs imul
popa fs imul add
add js add add add
popa fs imul
and add mov
add push add dec add
add js add add
add push add dec
add add add int3
add add outsv
add jz jc arpl jnc
add jz jc arpl
cmp jz push
or add mov
add mov cmp
add dec push
mov add inc
inc add inc add inc
add mov pop
add add add in
mov and add
push mov mov pop
add inc cmp
imul add add add
mov pop mov pop
inc add sub
pop pop mov mov
add add in
dec dec inc
add fs imul add inc
ret mov mov
push push cmp
jnc mov inc
xor inc add
lea add add add
mov call mov mov call
add add jng add
add add add add jc
add add jng
add or inc
add in add add
add add dec inc
jnz mov pop pop
insv popa outsb
dec outsb outsv
add mov jmp mov
jz mov mov jmp
jc add add add
mov jmp mov jmp
jnc add inc
sub mov xor
jc popa jz
jnz mov pop
push pop sub
jns movzx inc push
jns movzx inc push inc
inc mov push call or
mov jns movzx inc push
jz mov jns movzx inc
inc or jz mov jns
inc push inc mov
inc push inc mov push
push inc mov push call
movzx inc push inc mov
mov jns movzx inc
jns movzx inc
add jng add
mov jns movzx
or jz mov jns movzx
or jz mov jns
jz mov jns movzx
movzx inc push inc
cmp jz xor
mov push call or jz
gs popa outsb fs
gs popa outsb
lea mov cmp
pop pop cmp
lea mov lea mov
pop cmp jz
call pop pop pop pop
push call pop pop pop
add jmp xor
add push push push push
mov add push push push
cmp jz mov add
cmp jnz add
add push call pop
cmp jz add
add mov jmp mov
xor mov cmp
jmp mov add mov
mov jmp mov add
add mov xor
cmp jnc cmp
pop pop pop pop add
pop pop pop add
jz add jmp
add jmp push push push
add jmp and
cmp jz mov inc
mov xor mov inc
mov jmp mov add mov
mov add sub mov
jmp and shl
or jz cmp ja add
jz mov cmp jnz mov
jmp and shl mov add
xor mov inc or
xor mov inc or jz
jmp and shl mov
inc or jz cmp ja
and shl mov add
jz cmp ja add
xchg rol xchg
inc or jz cmp
mov xchg rol
mov inc or jz cmp
cmp jz mov sub
mov xchg rol xchg
or jz cmp ja
jz mov lea mov
mov lea mov lea mov
and shl mov
add jmp push push
mov cmp jz mov cmp
lea mov mov cmp
push mov mov mov add
lea mov lea mov mov
push call lea mov
mov add mov jmp mov
mov add or
cmp jz mov cmp jnz
cmp jnz add mov
jz mov inc
add call pop
or jnz mov
add sub mov
add jmp lea
jnz mov add
jz mov sub
mov lea mov lea
jnz add mov
jz cmp ja
cmp ja add
jz mov cmp jnz
mov mov cmp jz mov
or jz cmp
cmp jz mov cmp
jz mov add mov
mov add call
sub xor mov
mov add mov jmp
jmp push push push call
xor mov cmp jz
pusha call pop
jmp lea mov
mov add push call
push push mov add
cmp jz inc
lea mov push push push
jz mov add cmp
inc push mov
add cmp jnz cmp
xor mov cmp jnz
mov mov push pop
pop retn push
push push cmp
jz mov mov push
inc inc push
cmp jnz jmp
mov cmp jnz inc
cmp jnz inc mov
mov add cmp jnz
push cmp jnz
mov and mov mov
jnz inc mov
add xor mov
cmp jnz inc jmp
push pop add
jnz jmp mov
lea add add
jnz inc jmp
jmp mov or
mov call jmp
add mov push push push
jz mov call
jmp pop pop
add mov cmp jnz
mov add add cmp
mov sub xor
jz add mov
add mov push push
mov call pop mov
add cmp jz
mov mov sub mov add
push call test jz mov
add mov cmp
pop cmp jnz
call test jz mov
add lea add
mov sub mov add
pop mov add
mov add push push call
sub push push push push
mov add lea
sub add push
sub mov add
mov add mov cmp
push pop sub
call push pop
pop add jmp
add or inc
pop pop call
push push and
lea cmp jz
inc mov cmp
or push push
ret mov add
pop pop jmp
dec mov jnz
pop pop mov mov
call pop pop mov
sub jmp mov
mov lea mov jmp
lea mov jmp
mov cmp jz mov mov
sub lea mov
mov sub lea mov
mov sub lea
mov cmp jz lea
cmp jz mov lea
mov mov mov sub mov
jz lea mov
cmp jz mov mov mov
mov mov mov sub
call pop popa
cmp jz lea
jmp mov inc
or mov cmp
pop sub mov
mov lea cmp
push mov push xor
xchg add mov
add pop push
cmp push push
mov sub sub
jmp mov sub
mov push jmp
mov mov lea mov
mov push xor
mov sub add
call pop add
sub mov push
imul jc jz
inc add push add
inc add mov
imul insb insb outsv arpl
inc add insb add dec
inc js jz
inc dec xor fs insb
inc js jz jc
inc jmp mov mov
inc dec dec
inc add insb
imul inc add
imul jc jz arpl
imul jz add
inc add insb add
inc cmp mov
inc add push add dec
inc add inc inc
inc add sub
inc cmp jc
inc cmp jl
inc js jz jc arpl
inc mov add
imul insb insb outsv
inc cmp jnz
inc mov jmp mov
imul insb insb
imul inc add insb add
imul inc add insb
inc cmp jz
imul outsb add
inc add inc add add
inc add inc add inc
inc inc cmp
inc add add add inc
in add add add
in add add
inc inc dec
inc dec xor fs
inc inc inc
inc add add add popa
inc inc inc inc
inc inc jmp
inc inc mov
inc add cmp
inc add dec
inc insb insb outsv
inc insb insb outsv arpl
inc add inc add
imul push push
imul outsb add insv add
imul outsb add insv
imul outsb add insb add
inc insb outsv
imul outsb add insb
inc insb outsv jnc
inc jc add
inc dec mov
inc jc popa
inc jc popa jz
inc jmp cmp
inc insb insb
dec mov mov
imul imul add
imul add xor add add
cmp jz xor
cmp mov ja
cmp mov jc
cmp mov jnc
cmp mov jnz mov
cmp mov jnz push
cmp mov jz
cmp mov jz mov
cmp mov mov
cmp mov mov mov
cmp mov mov mov mov
cmp xor xor
cs dec dec add push
dec add dec add
dec add dec add add
dec add inc
dec add insv
dec add insv add
dec add insv add add
dec add jz
dec add jz add
dec add jz add outsb
dec add pop
cmp jz test jz
cmp jz test
cmp jz push push push
cmp jz cmp jz cmp
cmp jnz sub jmp
cmp jnz test
cmp jnz test jz
cmp jnz xor
cmp jnz xor jmp
cmp jnz xor mov
cmp jz call
cmp jz cmp jnz cmp
cmp jz cmp jnz mov
cmp jz cmp jz
cmp jz jmp
cmp jz push push call
cmp jz lea push
cmp jz lea push push
cmp jz mov cmp jz
cmp jz mov push
cmp jz mov test
cmp jz mov test jz
cmp jz movzx
cmp jz push
cmp jz push call
cmp jz push push
dec add pop add
dec add pop add dec
dec add push inc
gs add add
dec repne push call or
fs gs add
fs imul add inc jc
fs insb add add add
fs insb add dec
fs insb add inc
fs insb add inc push
fs insb add push
fs insb add xor
fs insb add xor xor
gs popa outsb
dec repne push
gs popa outsb fs
gs popa outsb fs gs
imul add add add
imul add add add add
imul add add xor
imul add add xor add
imul add inc jc arpl
imul add push
imul add xor
imul add xor add
dec repne push call
dec push push
dec add push inc push
dec jnz mov mov
dec dec add push
dec dec add push inc
dec dec dec
dec dec dec inc
dec dec inc
dec dec inc push
dec dec push
dec inc add
dec inc dec xor fs
dec jnz mov
dec jnz push
dec push inc
dec jz dec
dec jz dec jnz
dec jz dec jz
dec mov jnz mov
dec mov jnz mov mov
inc mov mov mov
dec outsb outsv
dec outsv popa
dec outsv popa fs
dec outsv popa fs imul
inc mov mov inc
insb outsv jnc
inc mov mov mov mov
jnc imul add add xor
jnc imul add xor add
jnc insb add
jnc insb add jz
jnc insb add jz imul
jnc mov inc
jnc mov mov
jnc mov test
jnc mov test jz
jnc mov test jz call
jng add mov
jng mov mov
jnl mov mov
jns dec add
jns movzx inc
jns movzx inc push
jns movzx inc push inc
jnz add add
jnz and cmp
jnz and lea
jnz call mov
jnz call push
jnz cmp jnz inc
jnz cmp jnz mov
jnz cmp jnz push
jnz cmp jz
jnc imul add xor
jnc imul add add
jnz cmp jz push
jnc imul add
jmp mov push call
jmp mov push mov
jmp mov push push
jmp mov test
jmp mov xor
jmp or jmp
jmp pop ret
jmp push call mov
jmp push lea
jmp push lea push
jmp push lea push push
jmp push pop push
jmp push pop push push
jmp push push call mov
jmp push push call pop
jmp push push push push
jmp test jz
jmp xor jmp
jmp xor mov
jna add add
jna mov lea
jna mov mov
jnc add dec
lea jmp lea
mov jmp int3
mov jmp int3 int3
add in add
jmp jmp jmp jmp
call jmp jmp
int3 int3 lea
lea jmp mov jmp
lea jmp mov
jmp jmp int3
jmp int3 int3 int3 int3
pop mov or
mov add jmp mov
mov or jmp
and add and
int3 int3 int3 lea
jmp jmp jmp jmp jmp
jmp jmp push
in add add
int3 int3 mov
add jp add
ret mov jmp
pop or or call mov
pop or or call
or or call mov mov
call pop call push push
push call pop or or
call pop pop ret xor
call pop or or call
call pop or or
or or call mov
pop pop ret xor ret
or or call
pop call push push call
or call mov mov call
push call pop call push
jmp jmp push push call
call pop call push
pop or or
jmp jmp push push
pop call push push
jnz push call pop call
or call mov mov
push call pop call
call push push call mov
ret mov push call
pop ret mov push call
mov call cmp jnz push
mov mov call cmp jnz
lea push lea push lea
pop call push
pop ret xor ret
call pop call
jmp push push call pop
or call mov
mov lea push push lea
pop pop ret mov push
mov mov mov call cmp
lea push call push push
pop ret mov push
mov mov call cmp
ret mov push
push call pop or
call cmp jnz push call
push push lea push lea
cmp jnz push call pop
call pop or
mov call cmp jnz
ret xor ret
push mov push mov sub
pop pop ret xor
mov push mov sub push
mov push push call pop
push call jmp jmp
cmp jnz inc mov
mov mov cmp jz cmp
add aam add
mov pop push
mov push call jmp
jnz inc mov
pop push mov
pop pop push push
add in add add
add jng add
int3 int3 int3 mov
pop pop push
mov push call pop
jmp jmp add add add
jmp jmp add add
int3 int3 int3 int3 mov
jmp mov and
add mov push call
jmp jmp add
add mov add mov add
call call mov mov
in add add add
push call add mov push
add jl add
call add mov push
push mov and
push call call mov
call mov mov push push
push push call call
and push call
mov and push
or add or
add out add
add jc add
call mov mov push
and add inc
mov jmp push pop
test jz movzx jmp
add mov mov mov cmp
int3 jmp jmp
add xor cmp
jmp cmp jna
push call pop ret
cmp jna mov lea
jz cmp jna mov
mov lea push call test
call pop ret
test jz push push push
lea push call test jz
mov cmp jnz inc mov
jmp push pop push push
mov xor mov push
jmp jmp int3 int3
jz cmp jna
cmp jna inc
jna mov lea
jmp push pop push
add shl add
jz push push push call
cmp jz cmp jnz cmp
push pop push push push
call push call mov push
call push push call add
call add mov mov mov
push push mov xor mov
mov and add
mov jmp mov jmp
push call add mov mov
jz movzx jmp
mov cmp jz cmp jnz
mov cmp jnz inc
test jz movzx
call add mov add
lea push call test
inc add inc add
pusha call pop
cmp jnz cmp jnz inc
call add mov mov
jnz cmp jnz inc
inc mov add
jmp jmp call
push push push mov xor
push mov xor mov
mov lea push call
call pop push push
mov mov mov cmp jnz
mov add mov add mov
jz cmp jnz cmp jnz
push inc add
call mov push call mov
mov jmp add add
mov jmp add add add
cmp jz xor
call pop push
jc popa jz
add add test add
push call mov push call
xor jmp mov
jmp mov jmp mov
xor cmp jz
js add add
mov and test
and test jz
mov jmp mov add
add add in
add add add in
pop inc add
mov test jz push push
jnz push push push call
push push call test jnz
mov test jz push
push call test jnz
add inc add inc
add imul add
add inc add inc add
add add pusha
mov push mov push mov
add test add add
add js add add
jl add add
dec dec dec
mov add call
add add outsv
add mov inc add
add xchg add add
inc insb outsv
push add push add
popa outsb fs
add outsv add
and test jz mov
add add jl add
add bound add
xchg add add
add add jl
jna add add
ret mov add
add pop add add
ret int3 int3
sub add cmp
jo add add
inc inc push
js add add add
add add jng add
add add jng
inc add mov
add add jnc
add js add add add
add add add jl
insb outsv jnc
add jna add add
xor add inc
add add jo add
bound add add
inc js jz
test jnz and cmp
jz cmp jnz push push
call test jnz xor jmp
jmp cmp jz cmp jnz
jnz and cmp
pop add add add
call mov mov pop
test jnz xor jmp push
test jnz and
add add add test add
mov jnz test
inc insb outsv jnc
add loopne add
inc add inc add inc
pop pop pop pop retn
add pop add inc
jnz add add
jz mov test jz push
add add test add add
test jnz xor jmp
jmp mov jmp mov jmp
pop pop pop retn
test jz mov jmp
cmp jz mov test jz
push call test jnz xor
cmp jz mov test
and cmp jz mov
call test jnz xor
push add mov
jnz xor jmp push push
add add jna
cmp jnz mov test
cmp jnz mov test jz
ret int3 int3 int3 int3
call test jz cmp jnz
ret int3 int3 int3
add add add test
test jz cmp jnz push
jmp cmp jz cmp
push call test jz cmp
jz mov test jz
jnz test jnz
jz mov test
xor jmp push push push
jnz mov test jz
add xchg add add add
jnz mov test
jnz xor jmp push
jz cmp jnz push
xor jmp push push
cmp jnz push push push
call test jz cmp
call test jz push push
add call add
add add add jo
cmp jz cmp jnz mov
test jnz push push push
jz cmp jnz mov
push call test jz push
cmp jnz push push
jnz xor jmp
xchg add add add
test jnz push push
test jnz xor
add adc add push
add add insb
jz push add
xor jmp push
mov mov pop pop pop
pop pop retn
jz mov jmp
inc jc popa jz
jmp add mov
inc jc popa
adc add push
or add push
push mov test jnz
mov push mov test
int3 int3 push
add pop pop
outsb jz jc
add pop add add add
add add adc add add
push call cmp mov jnz
jz add push
push push call cmp mov
push push inc push
mov test jnz cmp
jng add mov
push call cmp mov
add add js
push add inc
add add outsb
add inc inc add
push push and
add mov pop
xor add push
call cmp mov jnz
sbb add add add
push mov test
push push inc
add jz jc arpl jnc
add jz jc arpl
push push push call cmp
add inc add push
add add nop
add add add dec add
xor add mov
test jnz cmp
test jz lea
add imul add add
jmp push push push call
add sbb add add add
call cmp mov
add add dec add
add add lock
dec inc add
imul jz add
outsb fs gs add
popa outsb fs gs add
fs gs add
sub add push
add add lodsb
outsb fs gs
popa outsb fs gs
inc inc inc
add sub add add
add add xchg add
add add add cmp add
add mov dec
outsv jnc dec
inc inc jmp
add pop push
dec add pop
jz inc add
add push imul
add add add lock
outsv add add
mov jmp mov jmp mov
js add add add add
add add pop add add
push inc dec
add inc dec
jz add mov
insb add push
add or inc
add jz outsv
arpl jnc add add
sub add add add
or add inc
outsv popa fs imul add
pop add inc add
add pop add inc add
outsv popa fs imul
popa fs imul add
outsv gs popa outsb fs
gs popa outsb fs gs
outsv gs popa
outsv gs popa outsb
add add add add nop
popa fs imul
jz imul add
jnz add mov
gs popa outsb fs
gs popa outsb
inc add push add
add add add add xchg
add add add nop
inc add sub
push imul insb
inc js jz jc arpl
inc js jz jc
push call mov lea
lea push push call mov
mov lea push push call
push imul jc
arpl push imul
imul insb insb
push imul insb insb
imul insb insb outsv arpl
imul insb insb outsv
push imul insb insb outsv
add push inc push
push imul insb
fs insb add inc
jz mov add jmp call
insb add inc
jnc add push
jz mov jns movzx inc
push inc mov push call
jns movzx inc push inc
inc push inc mov push
inc push inc mov
movzx inc push inc mov
inc or jz mov jns
jns movzx inc
jns movzx inc push
mov jns movzx inc push
mov jns movzx inc
or jz mov jns movzx
mov jns movzx
jz mov jns movzx
or jz mov jns
movzx inc push inc
inc mov push call or
push inc mov push
movzx inc push
jz mov jns
mov push call or jz
mov push call or
fs insb add dec
jc arpl jnc add push
arpl jnc add push
fs imul add inc jc
imul add inc jc arpl
lea push cmp
popa lea push cmp
push cmp jnz sub
lea push cmp jnz
lea push cmp jnz sub
push cmp jnz sub jmp
popa lea push cmp jnz
cmp jnz sub jmp
popa lea push
push call pop popa
and and pop push push
lea and and pop
push call lea and
push call lea and and
pop popa lea push
lea and and pop push
push call pop popa lea
and pop push push
and pop push push push
pop popa lea push cmp
and and pop push
pop popa lea
call pop popa lea push
push push call lea and
push push call pop popa
call pop popa lea
call lea and and
call lea and and pop
lea and and
call pop popa
and pop push
call lea and
jnz sub jmp
sub jmp add
sub jmp add add
and and pop
mov lea mov push push
xor fs insb add dec
fs insb add inc push
insb add inc push
push cmp jnz
push fs insb add
lea jmp push
push fs insb
push call mov lea push
sub cmp mov
jnz lea push call
mov lea mov push
mov jnz lea
cmp jnz sub
dec dec add push inc
dec add push inc
cs dec dec add push
dec dec add push
dec add push inc push
lea mov push push push
xor fs insb add inc
call mov lea push
add dec inc push dec
push dec xor fs insb
push dec xor fs
inc push dec xor fs
inc push dec xor
add dec inc push
push dec xor
push inc push dec
imul jc jz arpl
push imul jc jz arpl
push imul jc jz
add push inc push dec
fs insb add push
call jmp push
mov lea jmp
add push imul jc
imul jc jz
push inc push dec xor
insb add push
call jmp mov
jnz lea push
lea push call mov
jc jz arpl
add push imul
fs insb add xor
insb add xor
insb add inc push xor
dec outsv popa fs
dec outsv popa fs imul
add dec outsv popa fs
add dec outsv popa
dec outsv popa
outsv popa fs
outsv popa fs imul add
xor fs insb add push
popa fs imul add
outsv popa fs imul
add xor xor fs insb
add xor xor fs
popa jmp add add add
popa fs imul
add dec outsv
popa jmp add add
add inc push xor
fs insb add xor xor
insb add xor xor
insb add xor xor fs
popa jmp add
xor xor fs
xor xor fs insb add
xor xor fs insb
add fs imul add inc
add inc push xor fs
inc js jz jc arpl
inc js jz jc
js jz jc arpl jnc
js jz jc arpl
js jz jc
inc js jz
add add fs imul add
add add fs imul
jo add add add
jo add add
add push inc push push
add fs imul add
add fs imul
add jc jnz
push inc push push fs
mov push dec repne push
push dec repne
push dec repne push call
or jz mov push dec
push dec repne push
inc or jz mov push
jz mov push dec repne
mov push dec repne
repne push call
jz mov push dec
repne push call or
dec repne push call
dec repne push call or
repne push call or jz
dec repne push
inc push push fs insb
inc push push fs
push push fs insb
push push fs insb add
push push fs
mov push dec
jnc add inc
add push gs
inc jc add
or jz mov push
insb outsv jnc dec
add dec dec
insb outsv jnc
outsv jnc dec
add add dec inc push
add add add dec inc
jnc add dec
insb insb outsv arpl add
insb outsv arpl add
outsv arpl add
dec dec dec
add add dec inc
add add add add cmp
add add jo add
jo add add add add
add loopne add
add sub add add
add add add jo
add add js add
add add add sub add
add cmp add add add
inc dec dec
dec dec inc push
imul add add add
dec dec dec inc
imul add add add add
add add add sub
sub add add add
add add js
add pop add add
dec dec inc
add mov add mov add
add add push dec
add add pop add add
add add add add sbb
outsb inc add
sub add add add add
add push dec inc
add add add add lock
add add add lock
add add lock
add add add sbb add
add add add js
add add adc add add
outsb jz jc
add mov jmp and
add sbb add add add
add inc dec
add mov xchg
add push dec inc dec
sbb add add add
jz cmp ja add
jmp and shl mov
xor mov inc or jz
jmp and shl mov add
or jz cmp ja add
xor mov inc or
inc or jz cmp ja
jmp and shl
and shl mov add
xchg rol xchg
inc or jz cmp
mov xchg rol xchg
mov xchg rol
mov inc or jz cmp
jo imul add
or jz cmp ja
and shl mov
xchg add mov
dec add inc
gs add add
add add add cmp add
cmp ja add
jz cmp ja
add pop add add add
sbb add add add add
jmp mov lea mov
or jz cmp
lock add add add
pop add add add
lea xor mov
add add add add sub
add add pusha
cmp add add add add
lock add add
jmp mov lea
mov push add
add add add clc
add add cmp add add
add call add add add
add add clc
add call add add
mov add jmp mov
rol add add add add
add pusha add
add shl add
rol add add add
pop inc add
add add add xchg
add call add
add add rol
pop add add add add
rol add add
js add add
add add add lock add
add add lock add
or add mov
js add add add
add bound add
add jc add
add add add add xchg
call add add add add
js add add add add
pop lea mov
add add rol add
add add add add call
add add add test
add nop add
add add add call
add add add test add
add dec push
add add add rol add
add add add add test
or add push
inc inc inc
jnz jmp mov
add add add rol
jmp mov add mov
add nop add add
add add test add
add inc inc add
add js add add add
test add add add add
add add call
push add mov
add add popa
bound add add
add js add add
test add add add
inc push add
nop add add add
push push dec
add add add add rol
add add add popa
imul imul add
add popa add
sub add push
jc add add add
add add sbb add add
add test add add
popa add add add
add jp add
add test add add add
inc mov add
add add xchg add
popa add add
add rol add add add
add add cbw
inc insb outsv jnc
add inc mov
sub add cmp
xchg add add
dec push inc
nop add add add add
inc insb outsv
inc inc push
add jng add
add add outsb
add add add in
add add dec add
add rol add add
add dec add add add
or mov add
jz inc add
add outsb add
xchg add add add
add dec mov
add add dec add add
add add add popa add
add add popa add
add add insb
add add in
add lock add add add
add add add add imul
add add jnz
add add add imul
add xchg add add
inc add inc inc
add lock add add
add add rol add add
jc popa jz
inc dec xor fs
inc dec xor fs insb
add add jng
add add add dec add
add add test add add
push inc dec
add in add add
add add mov mov
xchg add add add add
in add add add
or add dec
in add add
add mov mov add
jng add mov
pop add pop
push lea push push
jmp jmp jmp jmp
push pop add
jmp jmp call
jmp jmp jmp jmp jmp
lea mov call
mov add push push call
push mov add push push
pop pop leave
pop push pop
jz cmp jz
mov call lea
jz push call
push pop mov
push pop jmp
cmp jz push
jmp cmp jnz
push push jmp
jmp mov call
push mov jmp
pop add cmp
push pop pop
call pop add
add push pop
pop leave ret
pop pop push
mov push jmp
mov mov or
mov mov dec
pop push mov
pop jmp call
add add call
inc inc inc
push pop sub
mov call jmp
call jmp jmp
add mov xor
jmp jmp add
and and and
lea lea push
push call pop mov
mov add call
add mov call
push pop xor
pop pop leave ret
mov mov push mov
mov or mov
pop pop pop leave
call push push push
lea mov mov mov
pop pop pop ret
push push lea push push
cmp jz cmp jz
push lea push push push
xor ret mov
push push call push push
lea push push push push
jz test jz
call mov pop
add pop push
push inc add
push lea push push call
inc add inc add
ret push mov push
mov pop ret
cmp jnc cmp
mov mov mov pop
push call mov jmp
push xor pop
mov test jz push
ret mov mov
jmp call pop
jz push push push call
pop jmp mov
mov xor xor
pop mov add
nop add add add
inc add mov
push call xor
call mov test
mov shr mov
add call mov
mov mov lea mov
jmp add mov
test jz push push push
call lea push
pop push call
xor push mov
pop inc add
ret push push
push push push lea push
add lea mov
add jmp add
push add mov
pop ret push mov
mov cmp mov
push call lea push
jmp lea push
test jz test
mov pop jmp
mov pop push
jnz mov jmp
nop add add add add
add call pop
or push push
push call mov cmp
push push push call cmp
call jmp call
call jmp push
push mov xor mov
jnz mov cmp
jmp jmp push
mov mov test jz
mov lea lea
add inc add inc
lea push push push call
add pop mov
xor mov xor
push jmp push
mov xor mov push
dec jnz mov
call push call push
cmp mov mov
add inc add inc add
call add push
push xor mov
mov inc cmp
sub mov mov mov
sub jmp mov
mov xor mov mov
push xor push
xor xor add
xor mov add
push xor xor
add test jz
push call test jnz
mov mov mov xor
jnz cmp jz
and push push
push call push call push
mov push mov push mov
leave ret push
jz cmp jz cmp
test jz push call
xor xor xor xor
push call push push push
inc push add
call cmp mov
int3 int3 mov
int3 int3 int3 int3 mov
inc inc inc inc
mov xor cmp
or mov mov mov
mov xor push
mov pop add
mov mov inc mov
int3 int3 int3 mov
call mov push push
lea mov shr
call lea push push
cmp jz test
xor mov mov mov
push mov push call
pop pop pop pop pop
mov sub mov mov
call push lea
mov call add
cmp jc mov
inc add inc add inc
mov mov xor mov
mov mov mov lea
popa outsb fs
call cmp pop
pop pop ret push
cmp jz push push
add add push push
pop pop pop leave ret
pop pop pop mov
mov test jz push push
pop add mov
pop pop retn
retn push mov
call add pop
call add test
call jmp mov
push mov test
sub mov xor
push call lea push push
push call add push
jnz mov mov mov
xor xor mov
dec inc add
call add cmp
cmp jnz push push
test mov mov
and mov mov mov
call push call push call
call cmp jz
xor jmp mov
cmp jz push call
jnc mov mov
mov jnz mov
ret push mov sub
dec dec dec
call push lea push
jz push push call
pop leave retn
cmp jnz mov cmp
xor push push
mov mov mov pop pop
cmp jnz xor
call test pop
mov xor add
ret int3 int3
pop pop lea
push call mov add
push push inc
and jmp mov
mov mov movzx
add xor mov
cmp jc cmp
mov mov mov dec
push call mov pop
mov dec mov
push call add test
mov mov pop pop pop
push call push lea
jz push call pop
mov and mov mov
jc popa jz
mov call test
lea mov mov mov mov
mov shl mov
mov add pop
mov mov mov call mov
mov test mov
jmp cmp jnz mov
mov cmp jz push
call pop jmp
add cmp jc
mov add test
mov call mov call
jz mov test
xor add inc
test pop jz
mov call push push
test jnz cmp
pop jmp push
mov pop pop pop leave
int3 int3 push
add pop pop
mov inc mov mov
mov mov mov mov pop
cmp jnz mov jmp
pop mov jmp
mov jmp cmp jnz
inc push mov
dec mov mov
add mov pop
mov mov shl
xor mov cmp
call push pop
jz test jnz
jnz push push push call
lea push push call push
ret int3 int3 int3
jmp or jmp
cmp mov jc
pop pop call
call call call
nop mov mov
call push push push push
pop leave ret push
mov lea mov mov mov
leave ret push mov
cmp jz cmp jz cmp
add mov test
mov push xor
mov test push
pop retn int3
mov mov mov sub
push push call test jnz
pop mov pop pop
mov jmp xor
push push call call
push mov push push mov
pop add jmp
mov mov pop ret
cmp jnz call
push push mov xor mov
mov mov add mov mov
or mov add
push mov mov call
push call test pop
push call add cmp
test mov jz
test jz test jz
inc cmp jc
pop pop jmp
jz push push push push
push call cmp jz
push push call xor
jnz lea push
mov sub sub
pop pop xor
call pop push
jz add push
mov test jnz mov
mov lea jmp
push push call mov cmp
xor add mov
mov cmp jc
mov push call add
call mov test jz
mov mov shr mov
mov push call pop
pop sub mov
ret push mov push push
ret int3 int3 int3 int3
pop add pop
pop add add add
call test jz mov
add mov or
lea push push call add
push push mov add
pop pop pop retn
push call add pop
pop jmp mov mov
cmp push push
push mov call mov
mov call mov push
cmp jnz or
int3 push mov
jmp mov cmp
mov and add
add jz outsv
mov mov mov mov cmp
jz mov test jz
push call mov test
test jz xor
xor jmp push
inc inc cmp
mov mov lea mov mov
cmp jz test jz
jmp mov mov add
add cmp jz
jc cmp ja
push push call add cmp
inc cmp jnz
jnz jmp push
jmp mov inc
ret push call
push pop cmp
push call inc
jz cmp jnz mov
call mov cmp jz
jz mov jmp
mov mov push pop
int3 int3 int3 push
push push call add test
push call mov push push
cmp mov jz
inc cmp jz
pop pop ret push mov
dec inc dec xor fs
pop pop leave ret push
mov call lea mov
push push push pop
mov add and
inc dec xor fs
inc dec xor fs insb
or mov cmp
xor push push push
sub push mov
add inc dec
add add add call
mov ret mov
push push call mov push
sub xor mov
dec add inc
cmp jnc mov mov
inc pop inc
push call add jmp
mov mov mov and
mov shl add
mov push add
test jnz mov mov
add jc jnz
pop pop mov pop
jmp mov or
mov call xor
jmp test jz
dec push push
push mov sub mov mov
xor pop mov
jnz mov test
add mov push push
mov mov mov shr
jnz push pop
cmp jnz push push push
mov call mov mov call
lea add add add
mov mov mov call mov
lea add add
mov add mov call
add lea add
push mov add mov
add mov call
mov add inc
add mov call mov
mov call xor
xor mov add
add xor mov
lea mov call
nop add add add add
nop add add add
call xor pop pop pop
call xor pop pop
mov mov call push
mov call jmp
xor push push push
call xor push
xor pop pop pop
call xor pop
pop pop pop mov
push mov mov call
xor push push
inc add sub
jmp jmp call
add push pop
call jmp mov mov
call push push push
mov call lea
call jmp mov
call add add add add
mov mov push call
mov mov call lea
mov call mov call
popa add add
inc inc inc
call push push push push
mov push add
push pop mov
inc add inc add
push push call push push
mov call push push
add mov add mov add
pop inc add
lea xor mov
xor mov call
push call push push push
call jmp call
push push mov push push
call call call
call ret add
add add add add imul
add add add imul
inc inc mov
add add int3
push lea mov
outsb add add
mov call mov cmp
mov call mov push
jz inc add
mov ret push
ret add add add add
ret add add add
add add add add jz
sub mov mov mov
ret add add
push push mov mov call
add inc mov
push push push mov call
add add add jz
push mov push call
lea push mov mov
push call lea mov
mov mov mov push call
call mov xor
call mov mov push
jmp lea mov
add add add int3
and add and
lea mov mov mov
call mov add mov
call call mov mov
call cmp jnz push call
add add add clc
call mov call mov
add add clc
mov call lea mov
call test jnz push
call mov push push
mov mov push mov
sub mov mov mov mov
mov call mov lea
mov add call
mov push push mov push
call mov cmp jz
push push mov mov push
jz push mov
jna mov mov
call lea push
mov call test
mov mov lea mov
push push call call
mov call add
add shl add
mov mov call cmp
push mov call mov
mov jmp add add add
call push push call push
pop sub mov
call mov call push
mov jmp add add
push call xor
jnz mov mov mov
push push call xor
mov sub mov mov
push lea call
call call push push
lea mov mov mov mov
push mov sub mov mov
add jmp lea
mov mov mov push mov
add and mov
jnz push mov
mov dec mov
call mov cmp jz mov
mov dec mov mov
mov and push
push mov mov push push
jnz push call mov
push call mov call
test jnz mov mov
and inc add
jz mov call
push push call test jnz
push mov mov mov push
cmp jnz push call mov
push inc add
push call test jnz
dec push inc
mov lea mov mov mov
push mov push push call
dec mov mov
call mov cmp jnz
push mov call mov mov
call xor mov
call call push
add add add in
call push push push call
add dec push
call pop call
dec jnz mov
xor mov mov mov
mov xor push
inc cmp jnz
mov cmp jnz mov mov
push push mov lea
add add in
call push push mov
pop pop pop ret
mov sub mov mov mov
mov push mov mov push
mov mov push mov push
add add add add call
push xor mov
jmp mov cmp
push call test jnz push
add and push
jnz lea mov
add add add call
lea push mov push
push call push call push
push push dec
mov call cmp jnz
push mov push push mov
add mov and
call cmp jz
add add insb
call push call push
mov cmp jz mov mov
call test jnz mov
mov call test jz
lea lea push
add add call
mov push mov push call
and add mov
pop pop pop ret mov
call mov push push call
mov mov mov pop
jmp mov cmp jz
mov pop jmp
jnz push push push push
push mov call push
cmp jnz lea
jz mov push push
call cmp jz mov
cmp jz mov push
mov mov call cmp jnz
mov push call push
xor mov mov mov mov
mov inc mov mov
mov mov push push mov
call push call push call
sub mov add
pop pop call
mov call push call
mov push mov push push
test jnz push push
push push mov add
mov mov movzx
mov pop ret
test mov jz
jmp mov mov mov mov
mov mov lea mov mov
mov mov mov add mov
add call mov
push mov mov pop
mov mov jz
cmp jnz mov mov mov
push push mov push call
jmp pop pop
push mov push lea
pop pop pop pop ret
push mov push mov mov
mov movzx mov
jnz mov cmp jnz
mov mov mov movzx
test jnz jmp
jnz mov cmp
xor mov lea
cmp jnz mov cmp jnz
jnz mov mov mov mov
jnz cmp jnz mov
call test jz mov
mov mov mov xor
mov cmp jz lea
cmp jz lea
mov cmp jz push
push call mov push push
mov mov mov mov add
mov mov mov lea
mov push push mov mov
mov mov mov pop ret
mov mov pop ret
cmp jnz lea mov
cmp jnz mov cmp
mov cmp jz mov push
call push lea
mov add mov inc
cmp jz push
call push push call mov
call cmp jnz mov
add add pusha
push call call push
mov test jnz mov
mov xor mov push
mov mov xor mov
xor mov xor
cmp jz mov mov mov
mov mov mov mov lea
mov mov test jz
jmp lea lea
dec jnz push
mov cmp jnz cmp
ret mov mov
test jnz mov mov mov
push xor pop
pop mov jmp
jz call mov
jz mov mov mov mov
inc add cmp
nop mov mov
test jz call
call mov mov push push
call push mov call
inc mov mov mov
call pop pop pop ret
mov lea pop
mov mov mov call cmp
mov test jnz mov mov
push call cmp jnz
push mov mov lea
mov call pop pop
lea pop pop
lea pop pop pop
leave ret push
leave ret push mov
sub mov test
mov mov mov mov jmp
mov mov inc mov
mov lea mov lea
lea mov lea mov
mov jmp mov cmp
cmp jz test
mov xor test
test jz call mov
jz mov test
ret push mov sub
inc mov test
mov cmp jz test
jz mov cmp jz
jnz push push call
push call call mov
push push push call jmp
mov mov mov mov pop
cmp jz push push call
push push call jmp
mov cmp jz push push
mov jmp mov mov mov
jz push push call
cmp jz push push
call mov push push push
leave ret push mov sub
call jmp push
push call mov lea
test jnz push push push
or mov mov mov
or mov mov mov mov
jnz mov push
cmp jz call
add cmp jc
push call mov cmp jz
call mov mov pop
ret push mov sub mov
cmp jnz xor
ret mov mov mov
pop ret mov mov
mov cmp jna
call test jz mov mov
push call mov cmp
test jnz call
mov push push lea
jng mov mov
mov mov dec mov
mov mov dec
jz lea mov
test jz mov mov mov
push lea push mov
add mov mov mov mov
push push mov call mov
mov mov push lea
test jz jmp
test mov jz mov
add cmp jnz mov
jz cmp jz
mov mov test jz mov
mov lea mov lea mov
mov push push call mov
mov mov pop mov
call jmp cmp
mov push mov push mov
call mov mov test
test mov jnz
mov pop ret mov
cmp jnz mov push
call add mov mov
pop pop ret mov mov
lea mov test
cmp jnz mov jmp
call test mov
inc test jnz
dec jnz mov mov
cmp jz cmp jz
mov and cmp
jnz push call test
cmp jnz xor mov
sub lea mov
mov push push call push
jnz mov jmp
mov push push call test
mov test jz lea
mov jz mov mov
mov mov mov inc inc
mov jnz mov
mov mov mov lea mov
call add mov mov mov
jnz xor mov
call test jnz push call
jmp mov push push
lea mov mov add
test jz lea
mov inc inc dec
mov mov and cmp
test jnz push call
jz cmp jz mov
test jnz cmp
leave ret mov
push push push push lea
call test mov jz
add jz push
mov call cmp jnz push
cmp jg mov
call cmp mov
shl mov mov
cmp mov jz
jnz call mov
mov mov mov cmp jz
and add and
dec dec push
dec dec dec
push inc xor
push push add push
dec push inc
push add push add
push lea lea
lea mov mov push
lea lea mov mov
mov lea jmp
mov push jmp
jmp mov call
lea jmp mov
inc dec xor fs insb
inc dec xor fs
push pop add
jmp jmp call
push mov jmp
push jmp push
add add call
add call add
mov pop add
push push jmp
lea jmp push
call push pop
add mov call
add pop push
fs insb add add add
insb add add add add
insb add add add
jmp add mov
push pop mov
dec inc dec xor fs
pop push mov
mov pop push
pop add add add
mov add pop
jmp jmp push
jc popa jz
mov call jmp
add and add add push
and add add push
push call inc
mov and add
add add add sbb add
pop add jmp
push call push mov
mov push mov call
jmp cmp jnz
mov jmp push call
push add mov
push pop xor
add or inc
call jmp mov
call mov xor
add shl add
add inc push xor
pop xor pop
add add add add sbb
push jmp push push
call mov pop
push mov and
ret push call
push push mov add
add add jng add
add add jng
add add jl
add inc push xor fs
jmp push call mov
add call mov
pop mov jmp
xor jmp push
inc mov mov inc
rol add add
xchg add mov
push pop sub
pop mov lea
push mov push push mov
add jng add
mov jmp push pop
add mov and
outsv arpl add
pop add dec
push add inc
pop jmp mov
jmp jmp jmp jmp
xor cmp mov
add mov pop
mov add and
add dec inc push dec
add push imul
add dec inc push
sub jmp mov
jmp mov cmp
add mov xchg
push mov mov lea
add add outsb
sub xor mov
jmp mov push push
add sbb add add add
push inc push dec
pop push call
call jmp call
dec outsb outsv
add jz push
add jz outsv
pop add and
jmp jmp jmp jmp jmp
sbb add add add
cmp jnz jmp
dec push push
push call xor
popa outsb fs
jmp or jmp
mov inc jmp
inc add mov
jmp call pop
mov push mov lea
inc inc dec
and add mov
pop push pop
add inc dec
jmp pop pop
add add sbb add add
xor add inc
add add xchg add
push pop jmp
sub mov push
add push dec inc dec
mov mov mov lea
inc jc popa
pop mov or
mov or jmp
add push dec inc
mov xor jmp
add jmp and
xor jmp mov
mov mov push lea
push mov push mov mov
add add add xchg
push mov push lea
add call pop
jmp mov push mov
add pop pop
mov sub xor
ret mov add
sub add add add
add call add add
mov ret mov
mov push dec
add mov sub
pop jmp call
pop pop push
call mov push push
push inc add
js add add
inc jc popa jz
add add outsv
add add add add cmp
add jz popa
add add add cmp add
mov or jnz
call pop call
add out add
outsb inc add
jz mov jmp
mov inc mov mov
inc push add
inc jc add
add add add add test
mov jmp xor
pop jmp push
imul inc add
add add insb
mov add add mov
add mov add mov add
inc mov add
mov push push mov mov
add add add call
pop call push
outsv add add
jmp mov jmp mov
xor add push
xor mov add
add add add test
ret push push
mov sub add
call pop mov mov
popa outsb fs gs
outsb fs gs
mov mov inc mov
add cmp jnz push
jmp xor mov
add add popa
add and xor
jmp mov cmp jnz
jz add push
dec inc add
push add push push
push push inc push
cmp jnz mov jmp
mov mov shl
pop add mov
mov dec mov
add jmp mov mov
push push mov push push
imul add push
add add add add lock
mov push push lea
insb insb outsv arpl add
insb outsv arpl add
call cmp pop
jmp lea mov
add add add lock add
add add jna
push push inc
add add lock add
jz add inc
mov pop jmp
add add jz outsv
add add add lock
push call call mov
or add push
cmp jz call
call lea push
outsb jz jc
jnz mov jmp
add add lock
push call mov pop
mov xor add
call xor pop
add in add
jz mov call
cmp jz jmp
inc inc push
outsb add add
push push call mov pop
and add inc
mov jmp push push
cmp jz mov cmp jz
mov call lea
sub push call
call call mov mov
push mov call mov
add lock add add add
mov mov pop mov
jz mov cmp jz
dec outsv popa
imul outsb add
push mov push call
add xor mov
ret mov push
lock add add add
push xor push
add add add add xchg
add lock add add
mov add call
jz push add
add add mov mov
add dec push
or jmp mov
add pop add add add
lock add add
add sub add add
jnc add push
call mov add cmp
insb add push
mov add test
cmp jz mov cmp
add jz jc arpl jnc
add jz jc arpl
call jmp jmp
mov add mov inc
ret add add
mov test push
inc js jz
mov call mov push
sbb add add add add
push mov call mov mov
add add add sub
mov push add
fs insb add inc
add add cmp add add
call call call
call pop or
mov jmp cmp jnz
jmp cmp jnz mov
call add add add add
call call push
add pop add add
add add in
mov mov push mov
insb add inc
rol add add add
add jmp add
gs popa outsb fs gs
outsv gs popa
outsv gs popa outsb fs
outsv gs popa outsb
fs gs add
outsb fs gs add
popa outsb fs gs add
xor fs insb add inc
gs popa outsb fs
gs popa outsb
call push lea
inc add inc add
push call lea push
add jmp xor
inc inc inc
inc insb outsv
add add js add
mov push mov push call
inc push push push
add mov push call
add cmp add add add
dec add jz
jl add add
outsv jnc dec
jnz call push
sub add cmp
add add adc add add
and jmp mov
mov call xor
add add js
add add test add
add add jl add
jmp mov or
jc arpl jnc add add
add dec outsv popa
add dec outsv popa fs
dec outsv popa fs
jmp lea push
or push push
mov add or
arpl jnc add add
add add jo add
jmp mov mov push
call push lea push
add in add add
push call push lea
mov push mov mov push
add pop mov
in add add add
push add dec add
and push push
add jl add
add add nop
call jmp push
lea jmp lea
in add add
add push gs
add pusha add
add aam add
add dec outsv
jnc add inc
outsv popa fs
imul imul add
mov jmp add add add
or mov cmp
arpl jnc add push
mov jmp add add
push push call push push
add add jz jc
push imul jc
lea jmp mov jmp
jmp jmp add add add
inc add cmp
jmp jmp add add
jc add add add
call push push push
add add add add sub
add add add sub add
add add add clc
add dec add jz
inc insb insb outsv
inc insb insb outsv arpl
pop leave ret
call push push mov
leave ret push
push lea push push
add add pusha
inc insb insb
add add clc
mov or mov
call call push push
mov movzx mov
jmp mov mov mov jmp
jmp jmp add
add add add outsv
add add add test add
add add add nop
jo imul add
call mov mov push
add add test add add
gs add add
add test add add add
add jc add
call lea push push
